The Reprise of the True Spear Hero (Web Novel)
Chapter 836 - Filolial Road [2017/08/22 10:00]
This is a continuation from the final episode of *The Spear Hero’s Second Chance*. It’s the “True Tutorial” arc.
“Father! Big Sister! Filo-oooooo! Wait for meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!”
I barely managed to catch up to Father’s cart as it raced away. But after glancing at me with a face like he’d just swallowed a bitter pill, he turned his gaze forward with a tense expression.
“Filo! Run faster!”
“G-Guaaaaaaaah!”
Filo-tan showed some real grit at Father’s request! This is it! She’s actually enjoying this game of tag with me! Woaaaaah, I won’t lose!
Just as I was thinking that and showing off my leg strength to Filo-tan and my Father, the cart jolted, and the figure sitting on the back looked like it was about to tumble off. Oh, that’s my sister! Isn’t that a little dangerous?
“Raphtalia! Are you okay!?”
“U… uh…”
She looked completely drained and was about to fall off at any moment. She seems to be in pretty bad shape.
“Here we go!”
I gave her a gentle shove to get her back onto the cart, then hopped on myself.
“I caught up to you! I win this game of tag!”
“Tch… He’s not even out of breath.”
And so, my father pulled on the reins and stopped Filo-chan. Then, while holding his shield in a defensive stance, he kept glancing over at my sister. What kind of reaction is this, I wonder?
“What’s the matter?”
“Send Raphtalia over here.”
“Yes, sir. She doesn’t look well.”
Following Father’s instructions, I handed my sister over to him. Seeing my attitude, my Father furrowed his brow and tilted his head.
“Would you like me to cast an anti-nausea spell or a Recovery spell?”
“Are you planning to make Raphtalia drink poison!?”
Poison? Why on earth would I need to make my Older Sister drink poison? If anyone’s going to drink it, it should be the Crimson Swine. I’d like to make him drink a poison that makes him writhe in agony, just like what he did to Fleon-chan. Well, he’s already out of this world, though. HAHAHA.
“I wouldn’t do such a thing. You don’t look too well, so you should probably get some rest.”
“You’re the one saying that! Who do you think is to blame for us having to run away!?”
Let me think about it. …No matter how I look at it, I can’t think of anyone but Crimson Swine!
“It’s Crimson Swine’s fault! I’ll never forgive that guy!”
“No! It’s your fault for killing him!”
“Hahaha, wasn’t it because you, Father, demanded I take him out?”
“I never said that! I was just thinking it!”
Oh, he’s even more hostile than the Father in my memories. In my hazy memories, my Father used to sigh a lot when talking to me and always seemed gloomy. However, it’s the greatest honor to be able to sense what’s really on his mind. I’ll keep this up and prove myself to be his right-hand man!
“Well, the Lazy Pig got away, but that’s a trivial matter.”
“What do you mean, a trivial matter…? Are you really okay? In every way?”
As he said that, my Father looked at me with concern. This Motoyasu—tears of emotion are welling up in my eyes. Unlike in the previous loop, you still have a kind heart that wants to be closer to the Father from the first world! That’s exactly the kind of Father you are. I’ll follow you wherever you go!
“Oh! That worried look in Father’s eyes! I, Motoyasu, am truly delighted!”
“That’s why I told you to stop fooling around!　Oh, for heaven’s sake!”
“Guh?”
Oh? Filo-chan seems concerned about us and is looking this way, glancing around. Leave it to me, Filo-chan. I’ll definitely show you the path to glory alongside my Father… the Filolial Road.
“Ugh… w-what happened?”
My sister, who had been slumped over, opened her eyes and turned toward Father. Then, realizing I was there, she staggered and tried to stand up hurriedly. Her expression was pained, but it was also clearly on guard. Hmm… Why am I being treated with such suspicion?
“Actually, a little while ago… when Filo kicked Motoyasu—who was laughing his head off—that bastard snapped, started babbling nonsense, and went and killed that woman right in front of me.”
“Huh!? R-really!?”
“Yeah, I’m not exaggerating. He really did kill her with that spear.”
The older sister looked at me with a shocked expression. So, I gave a firm nod. It’s an undeniable fact, after all. The Crimson Swine is a being unworthy of living in this world. In fact, the longer he stays alive, the more vitality is drained from the world.
“I’m not lying, you know? I killed that scourge of the world, the Crimson Swine!”
The surprised Older Sister looked at my Father, and he nodded silently. She’s still staring at me with a look that says she can’t believe it. All right, I should have made it clear by now that I’m on her side. From here on out, I’ll prove that I’m someone she can trust.
“The orders of my Father are absolute. That’s the condition for making you part of our team, after all.”
“Father? Naofumi-sama, did you set a condition for letting him join us?”
“I didn’t say that! He’s been acting like this the whole time. Can’t you do something about it?!”
My father is running his fingers through his hair. You’ll damage your cuticles if you keep doing that!
“W-what on earth… What do you mean, ‘strange’?”
“I’ve come from the future, and I know everything. The shock from earlier brought it all back to me.”
“The future…?”
My Older Sister is looking at me with furrowed brows. Well, I suppose it’s hard to make her believe me right away. But I’ll keep talking patiently, just like in the previous loop. Because I believe that’s the true path to peace.
“So you knew all that and still killed him?”
“He’s a menace—there’s not the slightest reason to let him live.”
“Well, I agree with that… but I’ll be the one taking the blame for killing that woman, won’t I!”
“Is there a problem with taking the blame?”
“Of course there is! You’re planning to frame me again, aren’t you?!”
Oh? Father’s reaction… Ah, come to think of it, he doesn’t know the real reason why he’s been framed. In that case, I suppose I’d best start by explaining that.
“Um, what do you mean by ‘Father’?”
“Because you’re Filo-chan’s Father, of course.”
“Guh?”
“Filo’s… well, considering your relationship with Naofumi-sama, I suppose you could be considered Filo’s foster father…”
It seems my sister is also starting to recover from her motion sickness.
“So, Father, don’t you want to know why you were falsely accused of rape?”
At my question, Father glared at me intensely while clenching his fists. Then, as if choosing his words carefully, he said:
“…What do you know? What are you trying to say with that mocking attitude?”
“It’s the truth I learned from the future. Of course, the things I did without realizing it are facts that can’t be changed, but I’m truly remorseful.”
“Just spit it out. Well… since you wiped that guy out, I suppose I might as well hear you out a little.”
“You believe me!?”
“You can’t just pull off a massacre right in front of me and get away with a ‘Hehehe, just kidding.’ At the very least, the Motoyasu I’ve known up until now would never have done something like that.”
“That’s… true.”
Just as I expected from my Father. You really do know me well. My sister seems convinced, too. It’s true—the me before I recalled my memories of the future would never have killed Crimson Swine. I’ll use this as a breakthrough to gain their trust!
“Whether I end up messing up again or manage to get away with this, since Filo ran after me and caught up, I have no choice but to listen to what he has to say.”
He’s quick to assess the situation. I’d like to learn from that.
“Then I’ll tell you. This country, Melromarc, has a state religion that regards the Shield Hero as the enemy.”
Chapter 837 - Eternal Covenant [2017/08/22 12:00]
“What!?”
When my father turned to my sister, she nodded. Seeing that reaction, it seems he believed her. It appears their Kizuna is already quite strong.
“Yes, it seems the people of Melromarc follow a religion called the Three Heroes Cult. The village where I lived practiced a different religion, though…”
“Religious rivals… So does that mean they’re on bad terms with the country that worships the Shield Hero?”
“That’s right. The Shield Hero is the hero worshiped by the Demi-Humans, while Siltvelt is the country where your Father is worshiped. I don’t know much about Shieldfreeden, but apparently he’s an object of worship there as well.”
“Guh?”
Oh, Filo-chan… the way you tilt your little head like that is absolutely adorable! I’d love to record that voice on a sound-recording crystal and listen to it 24 hours a day, 365 days a year! When do you sleep? HAHAHA, I’d want to listen to it even while you’re sleeping.
Plus, in the future, your schedule was so busy you couldn’t even meet me, but it seems you’re not quite that busy right now. I’d really like to get along well with you, Filo-chan. But before that, I’ll have to get permission from your Father. I’ll have to explain things thoroughly.
“You know the rest, don’t you? Those guys think they can do whatever they want to my Father—the Shield Hero, who’s labeled a demon or a demon king for religious reasons—and Trash and Crimson Swine are trying to torment him.”
“!?”
My Father’s eyes widened in surprise. Then he started thinking things over for a bit.
“Persecuted for religious reasons… so? What are you asking of me?”
“I’d like you to take me in as an ally.”
“That’s not the point. I’m asking what you plan to do once you’re part of the group.”
“I’d like you to approve my engagement to Filo-tan.”
“What on earth are you talking about?!”
“Um… this conversation doesn’t make much sense. Is everything okay?”
“I’m not so sure. To be honest, I think this might be pretty bad. Maybe he just took a blow in the wrong spot or something.”
My father is keeping a wary eye on me while consulting with my sister. I guess he still doesn’t believe me.
“Well, it wasn’t my head that got hit—it was my groin… So, is that silly saying true—that a womanizer’s brain is in his groin…?”
My father is wearing a rather ambiguous expression. This isn’t looking good. At this rate, he might not trust me. Alright, how about I get my sister to help persuade him too?
“Big Sister”
“Eh… Based on the order in which we’ve been taking care of Naofumi-sama, does that mean I’m ‘Big Sister’ because I’m Filo’s Older Sister?”
“That’s right.”
As expected of Big Sister, you’re very perceptive. You are, after all, Filo-chan’s Older Sister.
“I see. So… what is it?”
“To gain your trust, I’ll share some information about the future.”
“Now it’s my turn, is it…?”
“What are you planning to say?”
“Well… we’ve looped back many times so far, but perhaps someone will appear who can be a source of emotional support for my Father even if you aren’t around?”
“What on earth are you talking about!?”
Oh? That backfired, didn’t it? Big Sis’s guard is up now. I feel like my Father from the first world is saying, “You’re still just as stupid as ever.” That’s not true! I’m not stupid! I’m just faithful to love!
“Naofumi-sama, I absolutely cannot trust you!”
“So I just missed the mark and ended up looking like an idiot after all…”
“Please wait! Please hear me out! I made a mistake!”
“We’ll see about that…”
Come on, R'yne! I’m experiencing an endorphin rush! Ha… Knowledge from a loop I experienced before raced through my mind, and a brilliant idea struck me.
“I know the names of the villagers where my older sister used to live, and I know she has an Older Sister!”
“Oh, really… Does Raphtalia have an Older Sister?”
Huh? My father seems interested. She’s here, she’s here. The Older Sister of that super-strong orca therianthrope’s Older Sister.
“An Older Sister?”
“Doesn’t she have one?”
“She must have one! She’s the Older Sister of that orca therianthrope who used Lightning Magic and worked as a fisherman in the neighborhood!”
“Hmm… Could you be referring to Sadeena? I’ve heard that her parents cherished her like a daughter, and to me, she was like a sister.”
“You could look that up later, couldn’t you? Like, after being rejected by Raphtalia, you just can’t let it go and decide to dig into her background.”
Guh… I suppose that’s not entirely out of the question. Then my Father started whispering with my older sister. But with these enhanced ears—the Motoyasu Ears—I can pick up even the faintest whispers! Motoyasu Ears! Full Drive!
“What do you think?”
Alright, I can make out every word perfectly. This means I’m not left out of the loop anymore!
“It’s way too outlandish to be a lie… Motoyasu isn’t an idiot… no, normally he’d tell a much better lie, right?”
“Why did you stop halfway through?”
“If that wasn’t an act, then he’s just a complete idiot right now.”
“…You’re right.”
“Or rather, was it the future…? If he really could use such a powerful skill, it does make you wonder why he didn’t use it in the duel…”
Of course, there’s no way I could have used Brionac at that point. I knew from the game’s lore that I’d eventually be able to use it, though. It’s a shameful past—I foolishly turned my blade against my Father, who had such low attack power, and ended up losing. On top of that, the Crimson Swine used underhanded tactics to tarnish the sacred duel. He’s gone now, but he was a filthy scum of a man—no matter how many times I killed him, it still wouldn’t have been enough.
Anyway, I turned over a new leaf and swore to fight for the peaceful world that Father and Filo are striving for. This oath is an eternal pact that will never falter—not even after the world achieves peace… or even if a new loop begins!
“W-well, if you have some sort of plan, that’s fine…”
“But you’re not planning to kill that woman or make Filo your bride, are you? You don’t seem to have any intention of convincing us.”
“It’s strange in so many ways, isn’t it? As for whether that story about you coming from the future is actually true… why don’t you test it out a little more?”
“Hmm… Well… I do have a slight hunch. What should I do…? It’s a revelation that the unreasonable things happening to me are actually caused by religion, but…”
You seem troubled. I suppose there’s nothing to be done about it.
“Then, as proof that I’m joining you, I’ll hand over my entire fortune.”
I reached into my pocket and handed my Father a money pouch. I don’t know how much is in it, but it’s just pocket change anyway. Since I’m going to be handing over all my money to my Father anyway, if this helps me gain even a little trust, it’s a win. My Father took my money and his eyes widened even more.
“You’re just going to say it got stolen, aren’t you!”
“I won’t say that. If I did, Father and Filo would end up hating me. If you want, I’ll earn more and bring it back.”
If I can build trust with money, so be it. Here we go—the tribute! Tribute, tribute—a mountain of gold coins!
“……”
At my words, my Father fell silent and began checking the contents of the money bag. Given that it’s been a few days since the first wave ended, there should be a decent amount in there. Well, I figure I could easily earn this much by wiping out griffins in the mountains or hunting down bandits. I’ll work like a workhorse to contribute to you, Father! The fact that the “workhorse” analogy shares a common spirit with Lady Filolial is quite appealing.
“So, Father. What should we do next?”
Chapter 838 - A World of Parallel Branches [2017/08/22 14:00]
“What do you mean, ‘how’?”
“It seems Father is afraid that because he eliminated the Crimson Swine, Trash and the others might come after him. But if you give the order, I’ll blow up the castle and the church for you.”
“There’s no way you could do that.”
You’re pretty suspicious, aren’t you? Well, wouldn’t it be best to actually show you my power?
“Then I’d like you to witness my strength firsthand.”
“Huh? I just saw it. A beam shoots out of your spear, right?”
A beam from a spear? Oh, you mean Brionac. That’s just a matter of special effects. I’ll demonstrate a proof of strength passed down directly from my Father. Right… there’s a swamp a short distance away. Let’s target that area.
“I, The Love Hunter, command the heavens and the earth; I sever and reconnect the order of things, and force out the pus. O power of the Dragon Vein. Unite with my Magical Power and the hero’s might—The Love Hunter, the very source of power, commands: Decipher all things in the universe once more, and bring forth a false sun!”
“Liberation Prominence X!”
I’ll cast the Orb of flame created by the spell straight at the target. The magical orb I threw flew in a straight line toward the target, exploded like fireworks… and scorched the swamp as a second sun. A hot wind is blowing my way, but since I’m at a distance, I should be fine.
“……”
My older sister is staring at the flames of the Prominence I cast with a stunned expression. At this point, there’s no one else with this much power. I could take down even Takt with ease. He’s the kind of guy who’d die in a single blow. That so-called “Fake Hero,” that is.
Oh? My flames are reflected in Filo-tan’s eyes, making them sparkle. Here’s to your eyes, then. May my burning passion reach you.
“What do you think? How strong am I?”
My Father, speechless, looked at the scorched wasteland that used to be the swamp, then turned his gaze back to me.
“If you like, I’ll unleash this on Melromarc Castle. It’d wipe it out in an instant, wouldn’t it?”
That would spell the end of this country. While I’m at it, I might as well turn the Church of the Three Heroes into a sea of fire and let them taste the wrath of the gods. If that’s what you want, Father, of course. Just as I was thinking this, Father turned toward me, standing tall as if he’d stretched, and asked with a proud air.
“…Stop it. It’ll be my fault again!”
Oh, it seems my father is on guard, worried he’ll be made to take the blame for everything bad that happens in Melromarc. Well, knowing those guys, there’s a good chance that’s exactly what they’ll do.
“Motoyasu.”
“Yes?”
“You said this world is just like a game, didn’t you?　What about how to enhance them? You’re sure that’s how you did it, right?”
“Are you talking about that? Of course I’ll tell you. That said, back then, I was imposing limits on my own enhancements because of my own preconceptions.”
I explained to my Father, step by step, how to enhance weapons. If I can prove this is the truth, my Father should believe me at least a little.
“First, the method for enhancing the Four Holy Weapons.”
“First? Does that mean there are others?”
“There are.”
“That sounds fishy.”
“You can’t do it unless you believe in it with all your heart, you know?”
“Then it’s impossible, isn’t it?”
Oh? So you don’t trust me? As I stared at him in puzzlement, Father let out another sigh.
“Sigh… Have you ever done anything to earn my trust? You’re more like an enemy, aren’t you? You’re that womanizing jerk who stabbed me with a spear just a little while ago.”
Ah, that’s right. It shouldn’t have been that long since our duel. But I can’t back down now. Drawing on the examples of my kind Father and the Father from my first world, perhaps if I say the right words to persuade my current Father, he might listen.
“After all, you don’t have anything to lose, do you? I hear your future Father thought, ‘There’s nothing to lose by trusting him,’ and decided to give it a try.”
“Damn it… Stop saying things that sound like you’re reading my mind.”
Looking rather reluctant, my Father began fiddling with his shield. It seems I’ve hit the nail on the head. Then the Father pressed his hand to his forehead and looked down in despair.
“Um, Naofumi-sama?”
“Huh?”
“I don’t know about Weapon Copy, but I confirmed the drop. I was even able to enhance it while I was at it.”
“No way… So then…”
“It might not be a mistake, but…”
“I really wanted it to be a mistake.”
Hahaha! This is the truth! This is true love! It’s Filo-chan for love!
“So, Father, shall we destroy Melromarc?”
“…You’ve been saying nothing but that for a while now, but aren’t you just the one who wants to destroy it?”
“I don’t really feel one way or the other about it. I’ve already eliminated that scourge, the Crimson Swine, and the only thing that’s really a nuisance is the Three Heroes Sect.”
It’s a country that causes nothing but trouble, after all. It might be a good idea to show off the Hero’s strength now, wipe them out, and build your country, Father, on the remaining ruins. Just like in the first world.
“I suppose suggesting we go to Siltvelt and attack and destroy Melromarc would be another option…”
“That’s a peaceful approach.”
“What’s so peaceful about that?”
It’s peaceful enough just by leaving room for negotiation through war. Well, I wouldn’t go that far, though. I don’t want to say anything too extreme and make them wary of me even more than they already are.
“Well, since heroes are generally revered as gods to some extent, my Father was in a bit of a bind with all the marriage proposals coming in.”
“Ugh… So I’m just going to be treated like a stud?”
Just as he said that, his older sister was staring at Father. The two of them gazed at each other for a while, but eventually, Father let out a deep sigh.
“Unfortunately, the answer is no. That said, to prevent another Raphtalia from emerging—and even if we resolve the wave and return to Japan—I must still fulfill my duties as a hero…”
Oh, that’s just like Father. He’s truly compassionate! To be prepared to fight after everything he’s been through—he’s a model hero. It fills me with an inexhaustible resolve to serve him for as long as I live.
“So, how do we resolve the Wave?”
“Well, actually, it should already be resolved.”
“What? What do you mean?”
“In the first world, we should have already defeated the mastermind behind the waves—the one who falsely claimed to be a god. Even in my faint memories, I clearly recall that you and the others defeated him, and peace came to the world.”
Why am I looping in the first place? The girl from the first world came to pick me up, and I should have returned, right? I don’t really understand that part either.
“I’ve been stuck in a loop before, but that was a story about a parallel world created by a spear called the ‘Minute Hand of the Dragon Hourglass’—which is different from this spear.”
I gave a rough explanation of how I’d been stuck in a loop before. Since a detailed explanation would take too long, my Father just asked for the gist of it.
“A loop… huh. So, Motoyasu had been caught in a loop before, and he broke free from it, returned to the original world, took down the mastermind behind ‘The Wave,’ and brought peace to the world…”
“That’s correct.”
“So ‘The Wave’ was a man-made disaster?”
“That’s right.”
“Hmm…”
My Father furrowed his brow in a troubled manner and fell deep in thought. Just like in the previous loop, perhaps I’ll get some advice this time too?
“There are several possible scenarios. The first is that, for some reason, Motoyasu’s spear malfunctioned and he wandered back into that looped world again.”
“But up until now, it always rewound immediately after summoning, didn’t it?”
“It’s a malfunction, after all… We can’t rule out the possibility that it stopped partway through. But wasn’t that spear upgraded?”
“That’s right. It’s the Minute Hand of the Dragon Hourglass.”
“In that case, the likelihood of a malfunction is low… I’m also curious about the effect of ‘parallel branching worlds.’”
My father, who had been muttering to himself as he pondered, looked up and spoke to me again.
“Another possibility is that after the so-called ‘original world’ achieved peace, some incident occurred that led to its destruction, forcing the loop to begin.”
“Is that so?”
“How would I know? Still, it’s possible, right? It’s a bit of an otaku-ish idea, but you know—like how they force a sequel to a popular anime that ended on a high note by sparking a new war in a world that had just achieved peace!”
Unfortunately, I’m not very familiar with that sort of thing, but it might be possible. After all, people fighting each other is a constant in history. But I’d hate to see a future like that. If that were actually true, we’d absolutely have to prevent it.
Chapter 839 - Bloodbath [2017/08/29 10:00]
“Actually, from my perspective, this feels like a story on the verge of being canceled that suddenly hit its climax. It starts with a sudden revelation, and the plot twists are coming so fast I can’t keep up.”
After muttering that, Father let out a deep sigh.
“That’s way too meta… This isn’t even a game or an anime to begin with.”
“My memory’s a bit fuzzy in some places—maybe it’s because of the loop this time. Still, I don’t recall fighting anything and losing.”
“I’m not so sure about that… As for the rest, given the parallel branching worlds, it could be a parallel world… or maybe it’s simply a world like a replay or the remnants of the past.”
My father is clicking his tongue in exasperation. I don’t quite understand this “replay” business, but I can imagine what you mean by “remnants of the past.”
“If that’s the case, we’re at a loss. Not only can’t I see a way to solve this, but there’s even the possibility that everything in this world is a lie.”
Either way, I’ll follow my father’s orders and forge a path toward the future. That’s right… onto the road to true peace, walking alongside Filo-tan!
“Just try getting stuck in a bad state. It would be utterly miserable. After all, it’s something only those caught in the loop can perceive.”
“That’s a grim thought.”
“Still… that’s no reason to give up on everything right here.”
At that moment, my father looked at me with a distant expression in his eyes. I’ve seen that look before. It’s the same look my father, Ren, and Itsuki occasionally gave me during the previous loop.
“Why does that role have to fall to Motoyasu?”
“No matter what happens, I’m on your side, Father.”
“What are you talking about? You were the one who suddenly started accusing me!”
“That was me from way back in the past. I’m different now!”
“You just caused trouble again! Ugh, this is such a hassle! If you can’t come up with an answer, let’s put it off for now.”
“So, what should we do, then?”
“…There is a way to test whether world fusion will occur by letting the ‘limit of the waves’ be reached… but that’s essentially the same as destroying the world. I can’t very well try that… I suppose. For now, I guess I’ll just have to calm the waves down whenever they occur.”
As expected of my Father! I certainly think that’s the safest course of action.
“So, Motoyasu. What exactly is your goal?”
That again? No matter how many times you ask, my answer will always be the same.
“To bring peace to the world and live happily with Filo-chan!”
“Guh!?”
“Motoyasu, what on earth is it about this bird that you’re so obsessed with?　I just can’t wrap my head around it at all…”
“Hahaha! You’re quite the joker, Father. Filo-tan will soon grow into an angel and start speaking clearly.”
“…Well, we’ll verify whether that’s true later. For now, let’s face reality.”
But I’m always facing reality, aren’t I? Oh? The Father in my memory is saying, ‘You’re just dreaming, aren’t you?’ That’s not true. I’m looking at reality—I’m looking at Filo-chan! Glance, glance, glance, glance… Stare! Just as I was casting glances at Filo-chan like that, Father took charge of the situation again.
“Since I killed that woman, there’s no way I can operate in Melromarc anymore. But then again, how am I supposed to escape from here…? Well, with Motoyasu’s trump card, I suppose I could physically escape anywhere…”
“That’s easy, Father. I’d like you to let me join your party.”
“…I really don’t want to, but…”
My father invited me to join the party, though he seemed reluctant. After that, I just need to use my Portal skill to go wherever I want.
“So, Father, is there a country you’d like to go to?”
“I don’t know much about this world.”
“Well then… if I recall correctly from what you said, Father, I’ll teleport us to the village where you were staying around this time of year. It’s not that far, and we can just go back for the wagon later.”
“Huh?”
“Portal Spear!”
Raising my spear, I cast the teleportation skill. Of course, I designated Father and the others as the targets. In an instant, we arrived at Riyute Village.
“Gwa!?”
The scenery changed in the blink of an eye, and everyone—including Filo-chan and my Father—looked utterly stunned. It seems the portal’s location is fixed this time. Since I’ve invested skill points in it, it remembers quite a few locations.
“W-What is this!?”
“So you have a teleportation skill…”
“There’s a cooldown before I can use it again, but I can get to other countries in an instant!”
“I see… Well then, I can make a quick getaway in a flash.”
That’s exactly the kind of thing my Father from the first world would say. I’ll make a quick getaway and be done with all this trouble.
“Before that, we’ll need to retrieve the cart… and help with the reconstruction, I suppose? We’ll need to procure some lumber.”
“Y-yeah, you’re right. Since I realize I can’t really help much with the reconstruction, I’ll donate the money I got from Motoyasu. I don’t really want to stay in populated areas—you never know when I might get caught.”
“Well then, let’s get the operation started!”
Things are about to get busy!
“Um… you’re just taking the Spear Hero as an ally as if it’s the most natural thing in the world—are you sure that’s okay?”
“…Are you telling me to run away from someone with Skills like that? No matter where I run, he’ll chase me to the ends of the earth.”
My Father let out a sigh that sounded almost like resignation.
“But it’s a fact that that woman is dead. Just thinking about what would happen if he found out… heh heh heh.”
My father let out a “kukuku” and wore an evil grin for a while. My sister-in-law placed her hand on her head with a slight sigh and looked rather dejected.
“By the way, Motoyasu.”
“What is it? Ask me anything you like.”
“Well then, I’ll ask… Why do you hold a grudge against that woman? Tell me the reason.”
“She killed my beloved Lady Filolial!”
Ah… Fleon-chan. My ignorance is what caused your death. That’s why, no matter how many times this loop repeats, I’ll send the Crimson Swine straight to hell. Just as I was thinking that, my Father spoke up.
“Let me rephrase the question. What was it like the moment you realized you’d been deceived?”
The moment I realized I’d been deceived, you say? That was… right around the time I was desperately trying to believe in that guy until the very end. Even thinking about it now makes my blood boil. That’s right… the Crimson Swine was trying to curry favor with Ren.
“After deserting the Spirit Tortoise in the face of the enemy, he betrayed me—even though I was still trying to believe in him—and was trying to win Ren over!”
“Spirit Tortoise, huh. I’ll set aside for now why the Four Auspicious Beasts suddenly came up. Well, let’s just go with the idea that he’s a strong enemy. So?”
“He was feeding Ren all sorts of lies—true and false—and made it seem like I was the one at fault for everything!”
“I see… Serves you right.”
My father flashed an evil grin. Why is he laughing? Still, since Father seems to be having fun, I’m starting to feel cheerful too. I’ll try mimicking his laugh.
“HAHAHA!”
At that, Father made a face as if he’d swallowed a bitter pill.
“Tsk… That’s exactly the kind of trick that woman would pull. So that’s why she’s holding a grudge.”
“That’s right.”
Seriously, that Crimson Swine is a real menace. No matter how many times she shows up, I’ll turn her into a pile of ashes.
“Well, whatever. Let’s just do what we have to do for now.”
“Guh!”
“Come on, Filo-chan! Let’s go back to where the cart was and help with the reconstruction!”
And just like that, we spent about an hour helping with the reconstruction.
---
After retrieving the cart and helping with the reconstruction, my Father spoke to me.
“So, Motoyasu, which country should we flee to? Somewhere it’s easy to go into hiding would be best.”
“That’s true—we don’t want to go to Siltvelt or Shieldfreeden, do we?”
“Ah.”
“In that case…”
Would Faubrey be a good choice? But Takt is there, isn’t he? Plus, this is a crucial time for Filo-tan. It’s not a good place to flee with you guys, just like when Sakura-chan got hurt. You never know where Takt’s pigs might be lurking. So, we need a place that’s easy to hide in and good for my sister, too.
“Then how about Zeltoble? It’s a country of mercenaries and merchants. It’s where your Older Sister will eventually come, and it’s relatively neutral.”
“Got it. But getting back to the point, what happens if I don’t take action in Melromarc?”
“Either way, I think the Queen—the true ruler of Melromarc—will eventually return, and Father’s false charges will be cleared. She’s a reasonable woman; she won’t get angry even if you take out the Crimson Swine.”
“Have you ever killed that woman during a loop?”
“Of course I have!　I’ve made a bloodbath of her in almost every world.”
When I admitted that honestly, Father smiled briefly before his expression turned slightly displeased. After a while, perhaps his thoughts had turned elsewhere, and he said,
“If even her own parents despise her, that woman is truly finished…”
That’s right. The Crimson Swine is a has-been. Well, there’s never been any demand for her anyway.
“Never mind. Let’s try to suppress my anger by imagining a future where, after that queen returns, she loses her power in a fit of rage upon learning she was killed by the hero who cherished her precious daughter.”
“That’s not exactly a pleasant thought…”
Not at all. After all, those who repeatedly commit heinous crimes are getting their just deserts. It’s only natural to feel a sense of catharsis.
“…Anyway, I’ll tell you why I thought you might actually be telling the truth.”
“Haha! And what might that be?”
I knelt on the ground, rubbing my head against the earth as I listened to my Father speak. Then, in a somewhat reluctant tone, he told me:
“It’s because you called that Trash king ‘Trash.’ I’m sure I was thinking it to myself, but since you knew, it gave me a little time to reflect.”
Oh! That’s unexpected information. But why the annoyed tone, I wonder?
“Is this really okay? I mean… things are changing so rapidly right now?”
“I understand how you feel, but as things stand, we can’t stay in this country. Above all, even if Motoyasu were to come out and say it was all a lie, we’d end up being hunted down.”
“…I suppose so.”
My older sister nodded as if she’d given up. Don’t worry. I won’t run or hide.
“Guh?”
Ah, Filo-chan. With such an innocent gaze, this Motoyasu is so happy I feel like I might just burst.
“Well then, let’s go! Portal Spear!”
And so, we teleported to Zeltoble.
---
---
“Oh… the scenery sure has changed quite a bit.”
After we arrived, my Father squinted intently and muttered this as we stood in front of the facilities associated with the Filolial Racecourse in Zeltoble’s capital. This is a place full of memories for me. Back in the Loop era, Yuki-chan competed in tournaments here, and in the peaceful world, the Filolial Queen & King Cup was held here—it’s a place that brings back fond memories.
“Gua?”
Filo-tan looks a bit confused, tilting her head as she surveys the surroundings. I’m sure Filo-tan will like it, too. After all, this place is packed with Filolial dreams. Mainly in terms of racing, though.
“So this is the capital of Zeltoble… Is that over there the market?”
Since it’s a town she’s never been to before, she asks, looking a bit hesitant.
“That’s the main street—it’s more of a street market than an actual market.”
“We have those in Melromarc, too. The actual market must be somewhere else… I can smell the sea.”
“Zeltoble is a country with a thriving shipping industry. That’s why the city was built right along the coast.”
“Huh…”
My father muttered this while glancing around. As a first-rate merchant and chef, there’s no way he wouldn’t be interested. After all, this is a place where business opportunities abound.
“That huge Colosseum… what’s that building that looks like an arena?”
“Just as you suspected, Father, that’s the main Colosseum. Since this is a nation of mercenaries, putting on battles is a lucrative business.”
I’ve heard there’s also a back Colosseum, too.
“The main one, huh. The public order seems a bit rough, but it’s certainly the perfect country to hide out in.”
Money, fame, status… it’s a country where you can achieve all of that through your own strength alone. With such a diverse mix of people, it’s also the perfect place to hide.
“Is it really safe?”
“Well… you’ve got to make some compromises somewhere to even get started. Whether you believe it or not, Motoyasu will explain everything in detail. It won’t hurt to just listen.”
If you say so, I’ll explain as much as you like. I’m quite the communicator, so I think I’d be well-suited for a job as a tour guide.
“So, Father, what should we do from here?”
“Either way, we’ll need money to go into hiding in this country. It also depends on how well we can maneuver before the Melromarc lot track us down, doesn’t it?”
Oh, as expected of you, Father. It seems you’ve already figured out the appropriate course of action with just this much information.
“For that, we’ll need at least a minimum level of strength, too…”
“Please let me handle strengthening my sister and little Filo.”
“There’s no way I’m leaving Raphtalia or Filo in your care. It’d be a disaster if they were just whisked away somewhere.”
Oh? You’re quite the suspicious one, Father. We’re in this together now, after all.
“In that case, since you and Father are both Heroes, we won’t gain any EXP by staying together—but wouldn’t it be a good idea to level up my sister and Filo-tan and improve their stats? You should come hunting with me, Motoyasu.”
Chapter 840 - Accelerator [2017/09/05 10:00]
“Well… I guess that’s okay.”
“You’ll need to get strong enough to do Class Up, won’t you?”
“…Class Up?”
Oh? So my Father didn’t even know about that back then. …I can’t help but feel a genuine sense of admiration. After all, he groped his way forward without knowing anything, cleared his name through his own efforts, and led the world to peace just like that. I’ll do anything for my Father.
“That’s right. ‘Class Up’ is a restriction that applies once to anyone other than the Hero at Level 40. Using the Dragon Hourglass to perform a Class Up unlocks that cap.”
“So there are some annoying mechanics in this world, huh… I see. Is that why you guys were all gathered around the Dragon Hourglass back then?”
“That’s right.”
Even if it’s knowledge that’ll become useless later on, a month should be enough time to handle something as simple as a Class Up. In fact, back then, I went there to help those Crimson Swine with their Class Up.
“So, since I was active in Melromarc, I won’t be allowed to do a Class Up, right?”
“I heard it was because of that Trash that you couldn’t do it, of course.”
“Ugh… So, can I do it here in Zeltoble?”
“A Hero might be able to do it, but Zeltoble is a place that values merit above all else. I’ve heard you’ll get permission if you make a name for yourself as a merchant and pile up the money, or if you make a name for yourself as a mercenary in the Colosseum.”
“What about Siltvelt?”
“It’s a free pass, of course. The problem is, if you don’t make sure to smooth things over behind the scenes, you’ll end up in the castle.”
“Every single one of them is such a pain in the ass…”
My father ran his fingers through his hair and looked out at the streets of Zeltoble with an exasperated expression. As you say, the people in this world are all about their own self-interest. There are few who fight for peace, loyalty, and love like I do.
“Well… as long as I keep quiet, no one will know I’m the Shield Hero, so it might be easier to operate here than in Melromarc.”
The two key points are business acumen and strength. In this country, your character can be worked out later.
“So? Motoyasu, can we start hunting right away?”
“Of course!”
“Well then, let’s get started… I’d rather not rely on you too much, but I guess we’ll give it a try.”
“So, shall we hunt in the sea or the mountains?”
“Underwater combat right off the bat is a bit much…”
It’s true that my father-in-laws probably don’t have any experience with underwater combat at this point. However, based on what I know, they should have relatively extensive EXP in the ocean. After all, that desert machine should still be operational. If Older Sister were here, the ocean would be a breeze, but I can’t rely on someone who isn’t here. Still…
“Since my Older Sister is from a fishing village, wouldn’t the ocean be easier?”
“Well, it’s true that the ocean was close by, so I can swim, and I don’t get seasick.”
“Is seasickness different from getting sick in a carriage?”
“The way they sway is different.”
“Is that so…?”
I’m not really sure about that. I’m sure Filolial’s motion is a “noble” kind of motion sickness, while seasickness is a “natural” kind.
“Still, we’ve got Filo with us, and our gear would rust out at sea. The mountains are fine for now, right?”
My father-in-law and the others had been steadily building up their gear, hadn’t they? I believe the fact that Filo-chan was pulling a handcart was a preliminary step before they eventually switched to a carriage to travel around Melromarc as peddlers. So, to put it mildly, my Fathers’ current gear isn’t exactly top-notch.
However! Now that I, Motoyasu, have arrived from the future, we can bid farewell to such inconvenient circumstances.
“Well then, let me show you the way.”
“Gua!”
At that moment, Filo-chan let out a cry from behind my Father, as if to assert herself. As always, it’s a beautiful, resonant voice. I could listen to it forever. Ah, being able to spend time with Filo-chan… this alone makes it different from the previous loop!
“Oh, Filo-tan, so you want to show your Father and the others around, do you?”
“……”
Filo-tan isn’t responding to my question. I wonder why?
“It’ll be… difficult for the three of us to ride on Filo. We’ll have to find a cart or something somewhere.”
“A horse-drawn carriage would be best!　It’ll be a present for Filo-tan!”
“We don’t have that kind of money! You left your money in Riyute Village as reconstruction funds, didn’t you?”
“Hahaha, I’m not talking about that kind of pocket change—I’m going to order a magnificent carriage that’ll cost a fortune!”
“Gua! Gua-gua!”
Oh! Filo-chan’s eyes are sparkling at the thought of possibly getting a fancy carriage. Filo-chan, just leave it to this Motoyasu. I’ll definitely get you a magnificent carriage!
“Um… if possible, I’d rather not ride in one.”
“You’ve got to get used to motion sickness, or you’ll be in trouble when it really counts, you know? ”
“I-I suppose so…”
“Oh well… Rafhtalia and I will ride on Filo, so Motoyasu, you run and keep up.”
“That’s ridiculous…”
“Got it!”
I nodded before my sister could try to warn my Father about something. At Filo-chan’s current speed, keeping up will be a breeze.
“Ehh…”
“So there you have it. Let’s head out hunting right away.”
Father urged my older sister to climb onto Filo-chan’s back, so she reluctantly did so. My father is riding behind her, supporting her. It looks a little cramped for Filo-chan right now.
“Well then… right. First, let’s head out of town and ride in the direction I point. We’ll head back when it’s a good time at night, I suppose? Sleeping out in the open is fine, too.”
“We’ll decide that when the time comes.”
As expected of Father—he seems to be taking things as they come. Father gave Filo-tan a command. Then, Filo-tan began to walk.
“Yes, sir!”
“Gua!”
“Whoa!”
The main street of Zeltoble is crowded, so we can’t move very fast. Eventually, just as we left the town, Father gave Filo-tan a light tap on the rear.
“All right, let’s go!”
“Guaaaaaa!”
“GO!”
As if she’d been waiting for this moment, Filo-tan started running. I ran alongside her, heading toward the mountains with my Father and the others.
“T-the scenery is changing at an incredible speed, yet the Spear Hero is running after us as if it’s the most natural thing in the world. It’s so eerie it’s scary, Naofumi-sama!”
“Don’t worry about it! If you let Motoyasu get to you now, you’ve already lost! Just think of him as having some kind of acceleration device!”
“What’s an acceleration device!?”
I haven’t done anything special. It’s all thanks to leveling up and improving my stats! You’ll be able to do it in no time, Father! That said, I’ve put in my own training, too. To play to my heart’s content with the Filolials and the others, I need both speed and stamina!
“Aiming Lancer X! Brionac X! Gungnir X! Liberation Firestorm X! Liberation Prominence X! Hahaha! Weak! Way too weak!”
Monsters in plain sight, monsters hiding, monsters I don’t even know are there—I’ll wipe them all out! I’m doing this right in front of my Father and Filo-tan, after all! I’ll put even more effort into this hunt than usual!
“Motoyasu, calm down! How far does he plan to keep running!? Whoa!?”
“Gua!”
“Filo, don’t try to keep up with him! He’s not someone you should mess with!”
“Guaaaaaa!”
“HAHAHA! This is the Filolial Real Lord, yoOOOOOOO! Anyone who gets in my way is dead meat!”
“Aaaaaaah! U, u… N-Naofumi-sama…”
“Are you okay, Raphtalia!?”
“The ride’s rough… and on top of that, because Filo’s so hyped up racing against the Spear Hero… u…”
We arrived deep in the mountains fairly quickly and swiftly crushed the monsters in our path. That said, from Father’s perspective, these monsters are a bit on the strong side. Thanks to the supplies he has on hand, which have given him a decent boost, he seems to be keeping up, but my sister-in-law appears to be struggling to keep up and is getting flustered.
Filo-chan is running right up to me, as if trying to keep up. Ah, what a fun footrace between Filo-chan and my Father and the others. It’s a dream-like moment!
After about an hour of such a wonderful hunt, my sister must have reached her limit—she fainted while being carried by my Father. Right now, we’re camping deep in the mountains to take a break.
“Ugh… everything’s shaking… like we were hunting monsters at high speed… ugh.”
“Hmm… maybe it was too intense.”
My Father, who never gets motion sickness even in this world, is tending to my older sister as she lies in bed. It looks like he’s mixing some herbs and giving them to her to drink. It’s a revival potion, I suppose. He said he found the recipe just a moment ago.
“Gua!”
Filo-chan is cheerfully kicking me over and over again. Ah, what a blessed joy! This is a moment of pure bliss…
“Filo, stop it. You don’t need to kick me anymore.”
“Guh?”
“Ah, Father, you’re being too harsh!”
“…It’ll be your reward, after all. Seriously… getting a kick out of being kicked? You’re quite the pervert.”
“Come on, Filo-chan! Kick me some more!”
I’ll grab Filo-chan in a big hug!
“Guaaaaaaaaaaa!?”
Filo-chan unleashed a flurry of kicks at me as I tried to pounce on her. Thank you, thank you so much!
“Guaa!”
After kicking me a whole lot, Filo-chan crouched down as if to hide behind Father’s shadow and kept glancing over at me repeatedly. Does this mean she’s interested in me? It’s okay if I do more, you know?
“Got it? You’d better not get too involved with him. He’s a pervert, after all.”
“Gah.”
“That’s hurtful! I, Motoyasu! For Filo-chan and my Father, I’d walk through fire and water. No matter the situation, I’ll never give up!”
“Sigh… That’s exactly why Raphtalia’s all groggy!”
My Father let out a deep sigh. Well, that can’t be helped. After all, I’m going to be living with Filo-tan and the Filolials. I’ll just have to get used to it.
“So, Father, what are Filo-tan and her Older Sister’s levels like?”
“Ah, they’ve only been hunting for about an hour, but they’re leveling up at an astonishing rate. They’ve gone up five levels in just one hour.”
“That’s not as fast as I expected. What was my sister’s level before we left?”
“She went from Level 27 to 32. Filo’s already at 23…”
Hmm, they really aren’t leveling up as fast as I thought they would. I’d like to get them to the first level cap of 40 in a few hours, but given my sister’s condition, that might be difficult.
“I wonder what my month was all about…”
Father seems to be feeling a bit melancholy. Unlike the trash like me, Ren, and Itsuki, his month was a wonderful time that shone like the sun. Sure, the EXP and level gains might be small. But the intensity is on a whole different level.
“Hmm… Is this about right for an hour? By nightfall, we’ll get her to Level 40, and then Father will cast an ‘Aptitude Enhancement’ buff to level her up over and over again.”
“Ugh…”
“The hellish grind to get stronger has only just begun.”
“Na-Naofumi-sama, please help me…”
My older sister reached out her hand, her consciousness hazy. Is she going to be okay?
“Raphtalia, I understand how you feel. But now is the time to endure. By overcoming this trial, you’ll grow stronger and be able to ride out the waves.”
“Waves… O-okay.”
That’s my Older Sister for you. I don’t know exactly what she’s struggling with, but she’s not running away from what she finds unpleasant—instead, she’s prioritizing preparing for the battle against the waves. Just like Father, it’s people like them who were able to protect the world from the Crimson Swine itself. I can’t let them outdo me! For now, let’s just do what we can.
“Father! More importantly, let’s check the loot! You never know—we might get some good gear!”
“Sigh…”
We continued hunting for a few hours after that, and it seems Filo-tan and my sister grew noticeably stronger thanks to the enhancements my father applied! We got a decent number of weapon and armor drops, so we were able to upgrade my father-in-law’s gear. However, it seemed like my father-in-law was particularly attached to his favorite set of armor.
As the sun set, we returned to Zeltoble and checked into an inn. As usual, my sister-in-law was groaning as if she felt sick. But if my memory serves me right, my sister should have a high tolerance for alcohol. I’m certain of this because she used to travel with my Father as a merchant. I suppose she must have gotten used to it after experiencing Filo-chan’s noble sway.
“I kept tossing the loot into my shield without dismantling them much, just to get the drops…”
In front of the small shed attached to the inn, Father was checking today’s haul. After all, I’d defeated quite a few monsters, and they take up a lot of space. When I asked him whether we should get a cart to transport them, he said he wanted to prioritize the drops this time, so we didn’t dismember them.
“How did it go?”
“…Raphtalia and Filo’s levels certainly went up quite a bit, and we’ve managed to gather a surprisingly good set of gear.”
My father muttered this while scratching his cheek, as if deep in thought.
“Should we sell off the extra weapons and armor?”
“You may dispose of them as you see fit, Father.”
I’ve managed to gather a decent set of gear myself, so it shouldn’t be a problem. In fact, turning them into cash to buy necessary items is the best course of action.
Chapter 841 - Pocket Money [2017/09/12 10:00]
“Ah, Father may already know this, but I’ve heard that weapons and the like are stamped with the maker’s mark, and there are merchants who check for it when they’re sold.”
“Is that so? So that means—”
“Well… when I pointed it out to Trash during the loop, it was swept under the rug using his influence.”
“…I figured as much.”
I had a feeling you’d say that, Father, so I’m getting ahead of you. Those guys only ever think about pointless things, after all.
“So, does that mean we can’t sell anything without a maker’s mark?”
“Not at all. This is Zeltoble, after all. With business acumen like yours, Father, there’s no way you’d ever be lowballed.”
“Hey, stop giving me that ‘you know me inside and out’ look.”
Not at all. There’s no way someone like me could ever fathom the cosmic depths of Father’s thoughts. After all, I’m just imitating what I’ve seen while repeating the loop.
“So, Father, are you going to sell it to a dealer?”
“Ah. Motoyasu, what are you planning to do?”
“I’m going to sleep in the hut with Filo-tan.”
“Gua!? Gua-gua-gua!”
Filo-tan, who had been sitting quietly in the shed, stood up, went over to Father, and nipped at his collar with her beak. What’s going on here?
“Gwa! Gwa-gwa!”
Filo-tan is chirping something at Father and shaking her head.
“……She looks like she really hates this.”
“Why is that!? I just want to smell Filo-tan.”
“So that’s what you were trying to do… Either way, don’t sleep here. Filo can’t rest.”
“Gua! Gua-gua!”
Filo-chan is clinging to my Father with all her might. Ugh… I’ve been looking forward to this ever since the loop restarted, but it didn’t quite work out. Still, there’s bound to be another chance. Right now is the time to build trust, after all. Just as I was thinking that, Father scolded Filo-chan, looking annoyed.
“Ugh, stop clinging to me! And stop acting so clingy!”
“Guaa!”
“Oh, come on… It’s just like yesterday!”
My father is grumbling about something. What on earth happened between him and Filo-tan yesterday!? As far as my research and memory go, he was just soothing a lonely Filo-tan until she fell asleep.
“Anyway, Motoyasu, you’re forbidden from sleeping in the same hut as Filo.”
“Ah, that’s too harsh!”
Even though it’s a rare chance with Filo-tan, if it’s Father’s order, I guess I have no choice. I’ll just have to make do with the scent of the feather I picked up while hunting.
“Raphtalia’s resting at the inn… Well, I guess there’s no helping it. Let’s go sell some stuff.”
“Understood.”
“Guh.”
And so, leaving my older sister asleep at the inn, we headed to the shops in Zeltoble at night. My father went around to a few shops that were open even at night, having me check the prices of the items and chatting with the merchants about something or other. Eventually, he got several shops to buy the goods from us.
“You’re going to buy such beautiful, like-new items at that price? Forget it… I’ll just go sell them at that other shop.”
Just as my Father was about to cut off the negotiation with an air of utter exasperation, the merchant reached out, looking as if he didn’t want to let us go.
“W-wait! You wouldn’t be…”
“…Yeah, that’s exactly what I mean.”
This exchange has already happened twice now. It seems there are rival factions—or rather, competitors—even among the shops in Zeltoble. He pretended he was going to sell to one of them.
That’s Father’s business tactic. While Father usually is gentle, he used to hold back a bit, but he’s been pulling this move quite frequently lately. I suppose this difference is due to the fact that I wasn’t able to help him back then.
“G-… Fine. I’ll throw in 15 silver coins on top. That’s the limit.”
“Hmm… Then give me 5 silver coins and… those monster hides sitting unsold over there. They’re just surplus anyway, right?”
“…Sigh. You’re quite the troublesome guy, aren’t you? Fine.”
The merchant gave a wry smile.
“You seemed to be trying to take advantage of me, so I just didn’t hold back either.”
“So it’s my fault, huh? Damn it… If you come back, I’ll throw in a little something extra.”
They’re shaking hands or something. Seriously, my Father sure does make friends with merchants quickly. So, my Father casually stashed the hides he’d wrested from the merchant into his shield. Of course, he offered some to me too, but since I already had that material, I declined.
“Hmm, that turned into a decent sum of money.”
“Gua!”
Filo-chan begged my Father to buy her some fruit. I bought the same thing and we ate them as a pair. Partway through, Filo-chan stopped eating and looked at me. When Filo-chan tried to leave some uneaten, I went to take it, but she ate it all and then hid behind my Father.
Hmm, I feel like there’s some distance between us… but I’m probably just imagining things! Since Filo-chan is like this even in this peaceful world, she’s just being shy.
“We’ve got plenty of gear and supplies… Is there really much point in making money? It seems like we just need the funds for Class Up… No, better safe than sorry…”
My Father seems to be mulling over various things. In that case, I’ll go ahead and make a request. I’m sure he’ll give it some thought.
“I’d like more Filolial-sama!”
“Sigh… You still want more even though you have Filo?”
“Filo-tan is my girlfriend, and the Filolial-sama are my children.”
“Is that a declaration that you’re going to get up to all sorts of things with Filo?”
“Gwa!?”
Filo-chan lets out a sort of trembling sound and backs away from me.
“That’s not it! I, Motoyasu, have a purely platonic relationship with Filo-chan. I’ll refrain from any lewd behavior until true peace comes to the world.”
“You’re not saying you won’t do it, though…”
Hahaha! That’s the promise I made with Filo-tan, after all.
“So, does that mean you want to marry Filolial?”
“That’s right! Ultimately, I want to be accepted by my future Father and have a grand wedding ceremony.”
“Either way, we’ll have to wait until we see if Filo grows up the way you say she will.”
Oh, Father has put me on hold. Well then, let’s wait until I’ve had a good look at the real Filo-chan herself. I, Motoyasu, can certainly wait.
“Guaaaah…”
“Filo, you might not like this, but you’ll have to put up with it.”
“So, Father, are you going to look for my Older Sister’s Older Sister?”
“…No, a lot has happened tonight and I’m exhausted. I’d like to find her for Raphtalia’s sake, but I’m worried about Raphtalia herself. I’m going to head home and get some rest.”
“Understood! Then, let’s head back!”
So, with that, we wrapped up our activities for the day, headed back to the inn, and got some rest. Oh, and I hear my father stayed up with my sister—who had undergone Recovery—until Filo-tan fell asleep. I would have liked to join them, but my father-in-law told me an exciting story—that Filo-chan was too wary of me to fall asleep—so I had no choice but to sleep in a separate room. I gathered Filo-chan’s shed feathers by my pillow and drifted off to sleep, half-asleep, half-awake.
The next day.
“I thought she’d gotten bigger by last night, but…”
“Yeah… I guess so.”
“Gaaah!”
Although Filo-tan had already started growing quite a bit by last night, it seems my Father and the others really realized the extent of the change once it got light out.
“This is Filo-tan’s growth! She’ll be back to her familiar self in just a little while.”
“Is she still going to change?”
“Guh… Kue!”
Oh, it seems she’s already starting to change again. Filo-tan’s appearance is gradually shifting back to the Filo-tan we all remember.
“At this rate, won’t she be able to take on her angelic form by snack time?”
“Ah… right. I’d really rather she didn’t.”
“I agree. By the way, what should we do today?”
“Yesterday we leveled up Raphtalia and the others, right? Today I want to level up myself.”
“So I’ll be left in charge, then?”
If we’re splitting up, there’s plenty I’d like to do. This is Zeltoble—there are countless things to do here. Above all, since I have the Portal Skills, I can go anywhere in the world.
“I suppose so. Still, don’t cause any unnecessary trouble, okay? We’ve managed to lie low this far—there’s no point in drawing attention to ourselves every time.”
“Got it!”
I don’t need to be told twice—I won’t cause any unnecessary trouble. It was everyone else who was causing a commotion up until now—I wasn’t the cause. I’d hate for you to get that wrong.
“I don’t think he gets it.”
“What a coincidence. I think so too.”
My Father is nodding as if he and my sister have some kind of unspoken understanding. That’s what it means to be teammates, isn’t it? I can’t wait to have a relationship like that with Filo-chan and my Father.
“……Do you really think we can escape from Zeltoble, a city teeming with this many people?”
“Um…”
“Kue?”
“Filo-chan! Hang in there!”
“……”
Ah, even a cold-shouldering Filo-tan is wonderful! This is what true romance—and the art of seduction—is all about.
“Judging by how things went yesterday, I don’t think it’s possible. In the worst-case scenario, she might go around casting Magic powerful enough to wipe out everyone except us.”
“…That’s definitely a possibility.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Never mind. Anyway, Motoyasu, I’m leveling up today, so just do whatever you want as long as you don’t cause any unnecessary trouble.”
“Got it! Then I’ll go get some Filolial!”
I’ll try to find Yuki-chan, Kou, and even Kuu-chan, Marine, and Midori!
“Did you forget what we talked about yesterday? That would only happen if Filo went through the transformation you described.”
“All I have to do is make sure I don’t prepare for hatching.”
“Oh, for heaven’s sake… You listen to what I say, but you twist my instructions…”
“Just buying them without hatching them—that’s it, isn’t it? It’s like a kid who says they’re just watching but ends up sneaking a bite.”
“That’s a spot-on description. They’re the kind of person you’re afraid to take your eyes off because they’ll get up to something at the first chance they get… I don’t know, it’s making my stomach twist in knots.”
“Naofumi-sama, please take care of yourself.”
“I know. I’ll try not to worry about it too much.”
“Well then, Father, please give me some pocket money!”
I’ve handed over all my money to my Father, so I don’t have any cash on hand. Well, if I don’t have any, I’ll just hunt down some nearby bandits or earn some money at the guild.
“All right. But make sure you keep quiet with that money.”
And so, today, Father ended up riding on Filo-tan’s back to go hunting. I received 20 silver coins from my Father.
“That should be enough to keep you entertained for a while.”
It’s certainly enough for a bit of fun at the casino or the Colosseum. But what I really want is a Filolial.
I can’t even buy a single Filolial with this!
Well, I shouldn’t let it bother me. It would be presumptuous of me to complain about the money that Father generously gave me. So, I’ll just have to find a way to make up the difference somewhere else. Anyway, maybe I should offer Father some advice.
“We did quite a bit of hunting yesterday, after all. I think it’d be best to go somewhere different.”
“You’re right. There’s no point in getting duplicate materials.”
“I recommend the forest next to the mountain where we hunted yesterday. Don’t you think the monsters we failed to defeat yesterday might be gathering around there?”
“We’re not out to slaughter them all, are we?”
“There might be territorial disputes going on, you know. That’s something I learned from Filolial.”
I’m human by race, but I’m striving to emulate Filolial’s way of life. That’s why I exchange information with her on a daily basis.
“Oh, I see. Well, I’ll be off then.”
“I’ll come pick you up when it’s time!”
“How are you going to… No, never mind. I don’t want to know.”
And with that, my Father and the others rode off on Filo-tan’s back. Well then, I’m off to look for Filolial’s egg too! But I don’t have enough money for that. Let’s see if there are any good jobs at the Zeltoble Adventurers’ Guild.
Are there any quick-cash quests? I’ll pop into the Adventurers’ Guild—skipping through parts here and there—and pick out a suitable quest. The problem is that, as Father instructed, I have to earn money without causing too much of a fuss, don’t I?
Would it be okay to storm a guild of Darkness and take on a betting match? But that’s a hassle in its own right—you end up waiting around. I still have plenty of time before I have to go pick up my Father and the others, but if I’m taking on quests, the time will fly by in a flash!
Hmm… Even if I were to hunt bounties, their locations are too vague. Would it be faster to hunt bandits along the trade routes merchants frequently use? Gathering materials or slaying monsters would be good options, too.
The bustling Zeltoble Adventurers’ Guild seems to be teeming with countless quests. The board where quests are posted gets updated regularly.
…It’s an absolute hassle that you need credibility or reputation just to accept a quest. Because of Zeltoble’s unique rules, I couldn’t take on any of the lucrative quests. Since I’m hiding my identity as a Hero, I have to start from the very bottom.
What a hassle. It would probably be faster to storm a suitable colosseum and earn some fame, but I don’t have time for that right now. I have no choice but to play it safe: I’ll use a portal to travel to the countryside, hunt down monsters, and sell the materials for cash.
Chapter 842 - Refusal to Transform [2017/09/19 10:00]
Well then, having decided to hunt monsters for money, I immediately sprang into action. Along the way, I was lucky enough to spot some bandits!
“Gyaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
“W-what? An enemy attack!? Are you adventurers from somewhere!? A government expedition or a vigilante group!?”
“Hand over anything of value! Hahahahaha!”
“You… you’ve got some nerve trying to rob us thieves! You bastards! Don’t let him go back alive!”
“It’s Aiming Lancer X!”
The skills I unleashed pierced the bandits’ bodies and legs. Of course, I held back just enough so they wouldn’t die. Hahaha! Bandits are a resource, after all!
“‘Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!’”
While I was at it, I discovered the thieves’ hideout, so I took it down and confiscated everything. As for the thieves themselves… well, that was a “Release” move that Father taught me.
Well then… I was lucky enough to make some quick cash. For now, I’m going to drop by and say hi to my favorite Filolial producer!
And so, skipping along as I went, I headed to the Filolial breeder’s place and got to know them better while engaging in our usual small talk. You know how it goes—I’ll skip the details.
“So? What’s your budget, and what kind of Filolial do you want?”
“I’ve already decided!”
“Huh? Oh well… Which egg are you going with?”
I checked the Filolial eggs in the shed the producer showed me to—the ones I’d naturally chosen during the loop: Yuki-chan, Kou, and Sakura-chan’s eggs… but Yuki-chan and Sakura-chan aren’t here! Why aren’t they here!?
Think back carefully! I remember that in the first world, Yuki-chan became a racing bird, and after peace was restored, she came to the village that Father had settled. When we reunited, it felt so nostalgic. In other words, that means Yuki-chan has already been shipped out.
As for why Sakura-chan isn’t here… Come to think of it, Sakura-chan becomes Filo-tan. So, since Filo-tan is here now, Sakura-chan isn’t around, is she?
Oh my… If I choose Filo-tan, I can’t meet Sakura-chan, and if I choose Sakura-chan, I can’t meet Filo-tan. Fate is truly cruel. Is there no way to create a world where Filo-tan and Sakura-chan can coexist? I feel like my Father mentioned something like that too!
“For now… give me this egg!”
And so, luckily, I managed to snag Kou, who was still left unsold!
“You really are a strange one, aren’t you?”
This Filolial producer says that every time we meet. Well, whatever will be, will be! I’m in a great mood today! After all, I managed to get at least Kou. Yuki-chan, I’m looking forward to seeing you again.
“Well, I’ll be back!”
“Ah, show me how much he’s grown.”
So, I said goodbye to the Filolial producer… and this time, I teleported to Melromarc. I walked through the town below the castle, skipping along the way. It’s the same old townscape as always.
My destination is the Monster Merchant’s place! So, I made my way to the Monster Merchant’s tent.
“Welcome. Hello.”
The Monster Merchant greets me, rubbing his hands together. He’s a handy guy—if you pay him enough, he’ll even set you up with a sister-in-law through Father.
“You’re a first-time customer, aren’t you? If I’m not mistaken, you’re… the Spear Hero, correct? Is that right?”
“That’s right!”
“We’ve heard the rumors as well. What brings you to our shop? Are you looking for the slave the Shield Hero brought with him?”
I suppose he’s deducing this from the fact that my father bought my sister from The Slave Trader. He must have gathered information—perhaps about the duel at the castle—which is why he mentioned it. However, my purpose is different.
“If the Spear Hero is here, we’ll do our very best to provide a slave that suits your tastes. What kind of slave do you prefer?”
“Filo-chan.”
Oops, Filo-chan’s already here. I just blurted that out on autopilot. Besides, Filo-chan isn’t a slave in the first place! ……Oh, come to think of it, this is usually the time of year when Filo-tan would be in a cage here, running wild. Just one slight difference in the path leads to changes like this, doesn’t it?
“Huh? Uh, um… Do you mean Filo-Real? Y-yes.”
“There’s no need to worry about it.”
“Ah, I see. Yes. So, what brings you to our shop today?”
Now, as for Kuro-chan… I know he’s already gone by this time of year. If my memory serves me correctly, he’s supposedly working at some ranch under the name Black Thunder. They say he’s growing up to be a mischievous young Filolial. That was a heartwarming sight in its own way. Kuro-chan was the kind of guy who could become friends with anyone he met, no matter where he went.
Now then… I need to introduce a Filolial with just the right temperament to help my current Father appreciate how wonderful the Filolials are. Thinking back to my Father from the first world, Midori or Yuki-chan would be good choices, but Yuki-chan is missing, after all. It brings to mind the scene of Kou getting lectured by my Father, but I’m sure it’ll be just fine!
“I’d like to buy a Filolial’s egg!”
“Right, right. You mean a monster, not a slave? True, the Spear Hero is surrounded by beautiful women, so perhaps he doesn’t need one at this point. Yes. But if you ever want a slave who’ll do anything you say, please do come to us…”
“I’d much rather have Lady Filolial than some slave pig.”
This monster merchant has started a strange new business, hasn’t he? Buying and selling pigs… Is he planning to switch careers to become a pig rancher and butcher or something? Upon hearing my words, the monster merchant is having his burly henchmen prepare Lady Filolial’s eggs. Just checking to be sure.
I see some familiar faces. Of course, they’re the ones I’ve met in previous loops. Still, as expected, there’s no egg from Kuro-chan.
“Then I’ll take this one, this one, and this Filolial egg from the egg lottery, please.”
As long as I don’t hatch them, it’s no problem to buy them within my budget.
“Well, as for the monster lottery… we make sure you can’t tell if they’re Filolial or not. Yes.”
“Hahaha, you can’t fool my eyes.”
I’ll grab Luna-chan while I’m at it. Judging by the order, it might be best to hatch Luna-chan next—she’s a fellow egg lottery companion just like Filo-tan. Luna-chan is such a well-behaved girl, so Father might take a liking to her.
“Uh… I didn’t expect you to have such a keen eye. Yes. Is there some secret to it?”
“You can tell just by looking at it and sniffing it!”
“…O-okay, I understand. Yes. It seems you have a very keen eye. Yes.”
The monster merchant started wiping the sweat from his brow. Is it hot in here? I handed the money pouch to the monster merchant and carefully counted the bags containing the eggs before accepting them.
"Thank you very much. What should we do about registering the monster emblems and the incubator?"
“I’m not going to hatch them just yet, but I’d like to buy an incubator.”
“Yes.”
And so, I got the incubator and the Filolials. Now… it’s about time I went to pick up my Father. That should be around the time Filo-chan takes on her angelic form. It’s time to show off my brilliant planning by making sure her clothes are all set! To that end, I’ll look for a shop in Zeltoble that sells equipment for turning Magical Power into thread.
So, after returning to Zeltoble, I placed Lady Filolial’s egg in my inn room, bought the supplies needed to make Filo-tan’s clothes, and then went to pick up my Father and the others.
---
---
“Hey there, Father! I’ve come to pick you up!”
“Hmm… Motoyasu, is it?”
It was snack time—the moment I’d predicted when Filo-tan would take on her angelic form. I made my way to where my father was camping and resting in the woods near Zeltoble.
“W-well, you really did come… How did you find me?”
“Why, through footprints, scent, and a sense of presence, of course. No matter where you and the others go, this Motoyasu will be right there.”
“That’s quite the stalker confession.”
It seems my Father is offering me some words of praise. I’m getting a little embarrassed with all this praise.
“Just as Naofumi-sama says, it seems you’d chase us to the ends of hell.”
“You won’t get anything out of praising me like that.”
“I’m not praising you. Seriously… Do I need a portal to escape, too?”
“Even then, I don’t think I could get away.”
“…Ah. It doesn’t look like I’ll be able to escape until I finish this wave and head back.”
“……”
My sister has fallen silent, looking rather pensive. She’s probably feeling lonely now that she’s heard my Father is leaving. But don’t worry. If my memory serves me correctly, my Father stayed behind in this world.
“So, Father, how’s it going?”
“The battles up until the day before yesterday seem like a joke compared to how easily we’re racking up EXP now. Needless to say, Filo is taking down enemies with ease, and so is Raphtalia—I’m the only one holding us back.”
“Quest!”
Philo-tan is standing tall. That’s Filo-chan for you! She really came through for my Father!
“The monsters feel way too weak, though… I wonder why. I’m starting to get this uneasy feeling—is this really okay?”
“Based on my experience, this kind of power-leveling lets you gain raw strength, but you don’t gain the experience that goes with it. You’ll end up showing your weaknesses somewhere. So you’ve got to be really careful.”
“Yes. How can we fix this?”
“Simply training with someone stronger than us… or something like that.”
My father is staring at me. It’s kind of embarrassing. However, after his expression turned slightly mocking—as if to say, “That’s not going to happen”—he said:
“Other than that… maybe just Filo. If Raphtalia’s Older Sister is strong, it might be a good idea to ask her to train you.”
“Yeah… Older Sister Sadeena might be willing to teach me.”
That’s true. Her Older Sister has amazing skills, after all. That said, if you want to learn the techniques, I know just the person.
“If you’re looking for training, there’s someone who’d be perfect.”
I remember her. She’s the old woman who’s the master of my sister and Éclair. From what I’ve heard, she was bedridden with illness when Father stopped by during one of his trading trips and helped her. Since he helped her occasionally even in the previous loop, he knows where she is, so I’m sure he can introduce us.
“Well, it does seem like she has the foundation to become strong enough, but—Motoyasu—we can’t start until you prove that your story is true.”
My father muttered this as he looked at Filo-tan, who was sitting on the ground using him as a shield. That’s right. That’s where we’ll start, I suppose. Personally, I’d love to see Filo-chan in her angel form as soon as possible.
“Filo-chan, it’s about time. I’d love to catch a glimpse of that adorable angel form, bathed in that dazzling halo. If you do that, I guarantee even Father will be head over heels for your charm.”
The world is filled with the light of Filo-chan and Filolial. It’s all built by the angel sent by God—Father.
“…No.”
“Hm?”
“I don’t want to!”
Oh, Filo-chan spoke to me! What a crystal-clear voice—it’s music to my ears.
“……”
“……”
Father and my sister are looking at Filo-chan with half-closed eyes. What’s the matter? They seem a bit exasperated, if I’m not mistaken.
“The guy with the spear is gross. That’s why, Filo, I don’t want to change my form!”
“What?! That’s outrageous! Please, I’d love to see you in your angelic form!”
“No way!”
To think I won’t be able to behold Filo-chan’s magnificent true form… though her current form is wonderful as well. It’s a shame I can’t see her angelic form, but I don’t want to force Filo-tan into showing it. After all, I want Filo-tan to transform freely, of her own volition.
“I hate that look in your eyes! Filo, you’re gross!”
“Filo-tan!”
“Nooo!”
Just as I was about to pounce, Filo-tan ran away.
“……”
“How should I put this…”
“Filo’s hungry. Master—more food!”
“……”
“Father, what’s the matter?”
For some reason, Father has put his hand to his forehead and is looking down. I wonder what’s going to happen to Filo-tan’s meal? I could make it myself, but it wouldn’t taste as good as Father’s cooking.
“How should I put this… Can you even talk while looking like that?”
“Huh? Yeah.”
Of course. The organ that produces Filolial-sama’s adorable voice… the vocal cords are all-purpose, you know.
“So? Can you transform?”
“I can! Then I can sleep in the same room as Master and kick out that guy with the spear, right? Master said that when he was sleeping with Filo.”
“Damn… so she was listening.”
It seems my Father and the others were talking to Filo while I wasn’t around. It must have been some kind of meeting.
“Look, Filo, try not to provoke the Spear Hero quite so much…”
“I’ll be by your side wherever you go. Even if there’s a Wall, it’s as good as nonexistent in my presence.”
“Eek! That gives me the creeps!?”
Ah, Filo-tan. Please don’t say such tantalizing things. My rationality is about to fly right out the window.
“Anyway, Motoyasu, you… stay a little ways back, behind that tree. I’m going to do some investigating.”
“What exactly are you going to do?”
“Just go already!”
Ugh… Well, if it’s my Father’s order, I suppose I have no choice. I hid behind the tree, fired a beam from my Zweite Feuerauge to make a small hole in the trunk, and peered through it.
Chapter 843 - Oversized Clothes [2017/09/26 10:00]
“Filo, let’s see if what Motoyasu said is true. Try transforming into that so-called angel form.”
“Huh? Okay—”
With that, Filo-chan… oh, she’s transforming into a divine and magnificent angel! Golden hair as if beloved by the gods. Eyes as blue as the sky or the sea… a blue so deep even jewels pale in comparison. Pure and snow-white wings on her back. The greatest treasure of this world has finally descended.
Woooooo!
My father is watching this scene with a blank expression. Eventually, he gave Filo-tan a thorough once-over from head to toe.
“Y-you’re completely naked… I suppose so. You aren’t wearing any clothes, after all.”
“I’ll definitely get some clothes ready!”
“No way! I feel like the guy with the spear is staring at me!”
Oh? Filo-chan’s lines are a bit different this time. Filo-chan immediately reverted to her Filolial form. It seems this version of Filo-chan is a bit shy. She’s truly adorable. My Father is running his fingers through his hair, glancing back and forth between me… or rather, my “tree,” and Filo-tan.
“Well, I suppose things have turned out just as Motoyasu said they would.”
“So it’s all right to hatch Lady Filolial now, then?”
“That’s a separate matter. Besides, that’s not the only problem.”
“I feel like I’m gradually starting to see what the Spear Hero’s priorities are.”
“Do I really have to lead a guy like this and survive in this world…?”
My Father lets out a deep sigh.
“Is something troubling you? Let me, Motoyasu, cut right to the chase and solve it for you.”
“You! You!”
“HAHAHA! You must be joking. This Motoyasu is a man who understands things well.”
“You certainly don’t seem like it, though…”
My older sister is muttering something under her breath, but that’s a misunderstanding! The time will come when she’ll understand. Now is the time to give it our all! That said, thanks to Filo-tan and my Older Sister, it looks like my Father is leveling up smoothly. I’d say things are going quite well!
“Well, the hunting went pretty well. You’ve got a pattern for Filo’s clothes… right?”
“Of course I do!”
“Master, what are you doing?”
“Making clothes!”
“Eh—…”
Saying things like that, my Father and the others wrapped up their hunting and returned to Zeltoble.
---
Then I guided them to the room where I’d set up the equipment that turns Magical Power into thread. On the way back, a foolish bandit—who must’ve thought Filo-tan was a rare catch—attacked us, but I wiped him out immediately. Unfortunately, he wasn’t carrying anything of value.
“So this is the equipment that turns Magical Power into thread?”
My Father muttered as he looked at the equipment I’d prepared. Yes, this is indeed the very best equipment for making clothes for Filo-chan and the Filolials. I wanted to buy the very best, so I had quite a hard time coming up with the money. Well, it’s what you’d call a necessary expense. After all, this will allow Filo-chan to shine even more brilliantly.
“That’s right.”
“…Wait a minute. This equipment looks like it’d cost a fortune—did you rent it or something?”
“HAHAHA! Since I’m raising Lord Filolial and the others, of course I bought it!”
“Where on earth did you get that kind of money?!”
“I suppose you wouldn’t think you could buy it for just 20 silver coins, would you? There are so many eggs, after all…”
“Of course I earned the money to buy them! Here’s your change!”
I’ll hand over my entire fortune to Father. Admittedly, it’s not much left after buying Filolial’s eggs and the equipment.
“Oh, come on—it’s actually more than what I gave you… This defeats the whole purpose of an allowance!”
My father is exclaiming in surprise at how capable I am. It makes me feel very proud. I’m going to keep raising my standing at this rate.
“…I should stop worrying about it and just move on with this.”
“What are you going to do?”
“Filo, with this, we’ll turn your Magical Power into thread to make clothes. That way, you won’t end up completely naked when you take human form.”
My beloved Filo-chan is sniffing around the equipment I’ve prepared. What an adorable thing to do.
“Eww, it smells like the Spear Guy! I don’t want to touch it, Filo!”
“Don’t be so selfish! Nothing beats a free gift!”
“Nooo! Master—I want something else! I don’t want to touch this!”
“I can sort of understand how you feel… but Filo, given the nature of this item, could you please bear with it?”
“That’s right, Filo! Otherwise, you’ll end up sharing a room with Motoyasu.”
Oh? Is that a reward? Filo-chan is stealing glances my way. She responds with a beaming smile and a thumbs-up. You’re more than welcome!
“Yaa!”
Filo-tan touches the equipment and starts spinning it around at high speed. Wow, that’s impressive. The equipment is whirring and spinning at high speed. Sparks are even flying!
“…Isn’t this just the right punishment to teach Filo a lesson?”
“What can you do? It’s a good opportunity to teach her that throwing a tantrum won’t lead to anything good.”
“Grrr!”
Filo-chan is spinning the machine like crazy. Is she going to be okay?
“So, Motoyasu. How much thread do we need?”
“We’ll need a fair amount to make clothes. We’ll need a little more.”
“Master, Filo, I want a coat so big that even in my Filolial form, my wings won’t show!”
“I don’t need to ask, but I’ll ask anyway. Why is that?”
“Because the guy with the spear gives me weird looks!”
Weird looks? That’s impossible. After all, I always look at Filo-tan with warm eyes full of respect and affection.
“Ah… right. Well then, maybe I’ll make a cloak in addition to the clothes… though maybe just a cloak from the start would be fine…?”
“Naofumi-sama, even if the cloak just flutters in the Wind, people will still be able to see your body, you know?”
“Hmm…”
“Then I’ll sew a stylish cloak for you!”
Filo-tan immediately stopped operating the machine and turned to look at us.
“…Is the Spear Guy going to make Filo’s clothes?”
Of course. I’ll put together the absolute best outfit for Filo-tan. Oh? My father responded immediately.
“Don’t worry about it.”
“No way! I don’t want to wear anything made by the guy with the spear!”
Filo-tan threw a tantrum. Hmm… she’s so cute.
“I wonder how Motoyasu would feel about being treated like a germ…”
Germs? Filo-tan doesn’t get germs! I used to attend Filo-tan’s autograph sessions quite often in the world after peace was restored. By the way, when it was my turn, Filo-tan would often go take a break. On those occasions, my Father would say, “You bought Filo’s break time for her. That’s great, isn’t it?”
It’s an honor to be of service to Filo-tan! Plus, after the handshake events, my Father would even give me one of Filo-tan’s feathers as a special gift, so I had absolutely no complaints.
“Ugh, fine… I get it. I’ll go to a Tailor later and place an order, so just hold on! Seriously, it looks like one unnecessary expense after another is coming my way. It would’ve been cheaper with Raphtalia.”
“Please don’t make it sound like I’m the cheap option…”
“Father, won’t you let me make Filo-tan’s outfit?”
“That’s right.”
“That’s a shame! I’d really love to make it myself.”
Well, even Filo-chan from the first world was so shy that she’d refuse whenever I tried to make her clothes. It’s a fond memory of when I secretly donated a stage costume I designed and had her wear it.
“Hold back.”
“Understood. I, Motoyasu, will hold back.”
“He backed down surprisingly easily…”
“It’s kind of scary—it feels like there’s an ulterior motive, doesn’t it?”
My Father and the others stared intently at me for a while. The outfits I prefer for Filo-chan aren’t bad, but I love every single thing about her. I’m really looking forward to seeing what kind of look she’ll show us this time.
“Ugh…!? I’ve got goosebumps on my back!”
After that, Filo-chan kept operating the machine that turns Magical Power into thread for a while. While my sister kept watch, Father went around to the tailoring shops in Zeltoble and worked out the details. All that’s left is to go to a shop that turns thread into fabric and have them make it properly—then it’ll be complete. To do that, we’ll need to have the tailors take Filo-tan’s measurements. Well, in Zeltoble—a melting pot of races—that sort of thing can be arranged however you like as long as you’re willing to pay.
I was told to stay behind and wait at the inn, but according to my Father and the others, it seems things are going well. While they were out, I had them stop by a recommended armory and get a replica of my weapon made. Your father-in-law’s shield looks different, doesn’t it? That’s a meteorite shield.
“Well… the sun’s starting to set. Based on what Motoyasu told us, we need to find this ‘Raphtalia’s older sister’.”
“You mean Sadeena, right? Is she really in Zeltoble?”
“Considering everything that’s happened so far, the odds are high… Motoyasu, you know how to find her, don’t you?”
“Of course. If my memory serves me right, if you go on a bar crawl through Zeltoble and recruit anyone you hit it off with, you’re sure to find her Older Sister.”
It’s a foolproof method based on my previous loop experiences. He’ll almost certainly find our Older Sister.
“That’s such a vague…”
“From what I’ve heard from Raphtalia, wouldn’t a Shachi Therianthrope be an instant match?”
“Her Older Sister does have a Demi-Human form, after all.”
“I don’t remember ever seeing her like that, though…”
My sister replied, looking somewhat skeptical. It’s true that it’s rare for Older Sister to take her Demi-Human form. Ever since she started living in Father’s village, she’s almost always been in her Therianthrope form, so I suppose that was the case even before we came to this world.
“I’m not entirely sure, but she wasn’t the type to take her Demi-Human form very often in front of you girls.”
“...Considering the location and social etiquette, I can’t say I don’t understand why.”
“What do you mean by that?”
My sister asks my father, who seems to understand.
“If I had to operate within Melromarc as the Shield Hero, and if I could conveniently change my form, I’d change it to stay hidden.”
“So you’re saying this is just hearsay?”
“Yeah. I don’t know what kind of mindset Raphtalia’s older sister has that makes her stay in her Therianthrope form so often, but I suppose it was easier for her to move around if she kept her Demi-Human form hidden. On the flip side, in Zeltoble, staying in her Demi-Human form might actually work to her advantage… or something like that.”
“A dual nature… is that it?”
Her older sister murmured as she looked at Filo-chan. A dual nature… that’s it, isn’t it? It’s the difference between Filolial Queen Mode and Angel Mode. Both are wonderful—truly magnificent forms.
“So, here’s the thing. Looking for Raphtalia’s older sister is fine, but taking Raphtalia and the others to the tavern…”
“Hmm?”
“Um… I’ve never seen Sadeena-nee in her Demi-Human form, and she probably wouldn’t be able to spot me right away now that I’ve grown up, right?”
“Going around like that, grasping at straws, and visiting multiple taverns isn’t good for a child.”
“I’m n-not a child!”
Oh, my father is treating the sisters like children. I suppose he had dinner with them at a tavern on Calmira Island, but from his perspective, they certainly were children back then. He probably doesn’t want to take them along.
“That said…”
My father looks over at me.
“If it’s your command, this Motoyasu will serve as Father’s bodyguard.”
“You might end up killing someone in excessive self-defense.”
Oh? Is there something wrong with that? It’s for the sake of future generations to eliminate as many evildoers as possible.
“It might be easier if I could at least bring Raphtalia along, but given the nature of the place… I might end up leaving Motoyasu and Filo all alone.”
“No way!? I’m coming too, Filo!”
Little Philo’s throwing a tantrum. It’s quite endearing.
“It’ll be fine. Raphtalia’s there, isn’t she?”
“Ehh… Big Sis Raphtalia?”
“Filo, may I ask you a few questions about that attitude?”
Oh? Does Filo-chan have some kind of complaint against her big sister?
“Raphtalia, now that you’re her big sister, you’d better take good care of Filo.”
“Y-yes…? Why is Lord Naofumi saying things like a father would?”
“Because Father is your Father, that’s why!”
“Spear Hero, please be quiet! This is getting complicated!”
I got scolded by my Older Sister. Those words came from my future experience, but I didn’t phrase them very well. To ensure she accepts my relationship with Filo-tan in the future, I’ll make an effort to build a better relationship with my Older Sister.
“Anyway… I’ve gotten pretty strong by now, and since I’m steadily working on my enhancements, I can at least run away if an assassin comes after me. If I cut through a crowded area, they probably won’t be able to chase me.”
“If you command it, I’ll take them down.”
“As for that… well, I’m sure we’ll figure it out. After all, you guys are here.”
With that, Father began preparing to leave. It’s certain now that the Older Sister will join our group.
“Yay! Filo’s coming too!”
“Don’t be so selfish! If you make any more fuss, I’ll really hand you over to Motoyasu.”
“Nooo! Master, don’t leave Filo behindnnnn!”
Filo-chan says this in a voice that sounds like she’s screaming. Could it be that when she was left with the Monster Merchant, Filo-chan was screaming just like this?
“Ugh…”
The Father looks as if he’s being torn in two. That’s right. No one can resist such a soul-wrenching cry from little Filo. It can’t be helped. Let’s just give up on Older Sister. Or better yet, let’s all go together.
“N-no way!”
Chapter 844 - Even if there were a replacement, [2017/10/03 10:00]
Wow! My father turned down Filo-tan’s request! Did he actually manage to withstand the cry from the depths of Filo-tan’s soul!? What incredible mental strength! I caught a glimpse of the profound, bottomless reserve of power that the Shield Hero possesses. That’s my father for you.
“Master—!”
“I’ve indulged your whims quite a bit today, haven’t I! Filo, you’re saying you can’t trust Raphtalia as an older sister, aren’t you? That kind of selfishness won’t do you any good. I know it might sound strange coming from me, but you need to trust Raphtalia.”
“No way!”
“Eh—…”
Hearing Filo-tan’s refusal, her older sister is at a loss for words. Why doesn’t Filo-tan trust her older sister?
“……Motoyasu, this is an order. Restrain Filo or put her to sleep.”
What a cruel order this is! Are you really asking me to do something like that, Father?
“B-but—”
“Motoyasu, is this so-called ‘love’ of yours just pampering? If you don’t be strict sometimes, she’ll grow up to be spoiled, and nothing good will come of it. That wouldn’t be good for Filo either.”
Come to think of it, I feel like my Older Sister from the first world said something similar to me before. Although her words were harsh, what Father said was absolutely correct. It’s true that in previous loops, there were children like Kou who acted selfishly. I’ve also heard that Kuro-chan, who turned into Black Thunder, received some “educational guidance” from the great Filolial-sama. So Father’s words aren’t wrong.
“O… okay. I’m really sorry, Filo-tan. But this is all for your own good, you know.”
The Older Sister is looking at us with a slightly exasperated expression. I’m sure it’s just my imagination.
“No, no! What are you doing to Filo!? Master, help me!”
My father has a very stern look on his face. He’s probably steeled his heart to teach Filo-tan about love. However, this situation… it’s giving me chills.
…Hah! That’s a dangerous sign. For some reason, my first-world Father has appeared in my mind, saying, “He managed to control himself…,” but now is not the time for that.
“Well then, Filo-tan, I’ll apologize first! I’m so sorry, Sleep Lance V!”
I gave Filo-tan a slight poke with the tip of my lance. Filo-chan! I’ve hurt you, even just a little. Ugh… my heart feels like it’s about to burst. I’ll spend my entire life atoning for this sin, so please bear with it for now.
“Y-yeah… Filo is… with Master… zzz…”
With a thud, Filo-tan drifted off into the world of dreams.
“If you’ve been a good girl and watched the house, I’ll at least bring you back a souvenir. Make sure you watch the house properly tonight, okay?”
Muttering that, Father gently stroked Filo-tan’s cheek.
“That was… a truly heart-wrenching experience, wasn’t it?”
“That said, I can’t have you acting all selfish just because you can’t trust even Raphtalia.”
“I suppose I can sort of understand how she feels, though…”
“Raphtalia, keep an eye on Filo… and Motoyasu for me.”
“Yes. I’ll do my best to become a big sister whom Filo can trust.”
“I’m counting on you. But… isn’t forcing a whining child to stay behind so you can go to the tavern pretty despicable?”
Muttering things like that, my Father headed out. Soon, a quiet silence began to settle between me and my sister. ……That’s right. To strengthen my bond with my sister, I need to communicate with her. After all, the efforts you put in now will pay off later on.
“Until my Father returns, I, Motoyasu, will definitely protect both Filo-tan and my sister.”
“O-okay, I’m counting on you.”
After making that vow… my gaze became fixed on Filo-tan’s sleeping face as she drifted off peacefully. Heh heh heh, heh heh heh heh… I never get tired of looking at Filo-tan’s sleeping face. I think I could watch her like this for years, or even hundreds of years. She’s truly a Sleeping Beauty, isn’t she?
“That kind of attitude…”
“Big Sister, what’s wrong with my attitude?”
“No, I just thought Filo would feel more at ease if you were a little calmer.”
“I see! I’ll do my best to become a more composed man!”
That must be an important thing to keep in mind when dating Filo-tan. Come to think of it, I’ve heard that even on modern-day Earth, calm, older men tend to be popular with women. Just as I expected from Filo-tan’s Older Sister! Following her advice, I’ll make a point of behaving more calmly from now on.
“……”
Before long, my gaze drifted toward Filo-tan’s skirt. From this angle, if I crouched down just a little more, I might be able to see inside. No, but… doing something so dishonest… no, just a little more… just a little more… Just as I was wrestling with these thoughts, the Older Sister spoke quietly.
“…Spear Hero.”
Whoa. No, that’s not it at all. It’s just that my love got a little out of hand. Even if I did happen to see something, I wouldn’t do anything beyond that. I’m not that much Trash!
“W-what is it?”
“You said you came from the future, didn’t you?”
Oh? Does that mean she’s not calling me out on my wicked impulses? Well, I’ll just answer her question honestly for now.
“Yes, I did.”
“In that future… were we… happy?”
Happy, you ask? As she asked that, images of my future fathers popped into my head.
“Of course.”
No matter who tries to deny it, I’ll nod in agreement on this point alone. After all, it’s a peaceful world we achieved together with my fathers.
“So… Naofumi-sama, once the Wave ended… did you go back?”
My Older Sister asks me this with a rather serious look in her eyes.
“At least as far as I can remember, my Father didn’t go back.”
I believe he stayed in this world long after the Wave ended. After the Wave receded, he seemed quite busy with post-war cleanup, reconstruction aid, inspections, and traveling to sell goods, but he settled permanently in this world.
“I see… But as for Naofumi-sama now… once the Wave is over, do you think he’ll stay?”
“I’m sure he will!”
I answered cheerfully. But my sister-in-law’s expression didn’t brighten up.
“Is there anything I can do for Naofumi-sama? I don’t have the confidence that I can do enough to make you stay.”
I know my sister-in-law cares deeply for my Father. And I think he feels the same way about her. After all, in the first world, my Father and my sister were very close. I want to be like Filo-chan and my Father, too!
“The Spear Hero said that Lord Naofumi would have pulled through even without me… Um, you mean when his slave mark was removed, right?”
“That’s right. Even those who’d become slaves—besides you—encouraged my Father.”
“……”
My sister has a pensive look on her face; she’s placed her hand over her heart and closed her eyes. Could it be that I’ve been hurting her without even realizing it? Come to think of it, when my sister from the first world saw those scenes, she was quite flustered. So much so that she nearly knocked me flying with a hammer. It’s highly likely that my Older Sister in this world would suffer the same psychological trauma.
“I understand that myself. At that time, in that place, anyone could have encouraged Naofumi-sama… but even so, I swore to be Naofumi-sama’s support—to become his sword.”
She really shows a lot of resolve when it comes to matters like this, doesn’t she? I’m sure the Older Sister from the first world was quite concerned about it, too. And I truly respect her noble vow. After all, my Father—who can only defend and has no means to attack—needs someone like her by his side.
“There’s no falsehood in this feeling. Please don’t forget that. Even if there were someone else to take my place, I have no intention of stepping aside.”
What wonderful loyalty. I’ll do my best to follow in your Older Sister’s footsteps, too.
“By the way, if Father hadn’t bought a slave, your Older Sister would have taken on that role, wouldn’t she?”
That was a tough time. After all, it was our last chance. And yet, the Crimson Swine…! Fortunately, thanks to Older Sister, we managed to pull through. I’m truly grateful to her. Just as Older Sister was about to slip and fall, she dashed out of the room.
“Sister Sadeena!”
“Sister! Where are you going!? You’re supposed to stay here and watch over Filo-tan!”
I grabbed my sister’s hand as she dashed out to stop her.
“Lord Naofumi has gone looking for Sister Sadeena!? Isn’t this going to be a huge problem!?”
“I think it’ll be fine. I don’t think my Father from the first world—or even my Older Sister, whom I met again later—was as close to you as they were in that world.”
At my words, my Older Sister seemed to let out a burst of frustration; her face darkened as she glared at me silently. What is this? This vibe… it’s sending chills down my spine. Suddenly, a memory from long ago—when I was stabbed before coming to this world—flashes through my mind. It’s the same chill I felt when I talked to that stalker pig!
“Spear Hero… please stop messing with me. I’ll get seriously angry.”
“I’m not, I’m not joking. I’m just answering your questions with the utmost sincerity!”
“…Sigh.”
Eventually, my Older Sister looked exhausted and sat down in the chair provided.
“Let’s drop this topic. Now, I’d like to ask about what happened after the world achieved peace.”
“I’ll answer anything.”
“So, after peace was restored… what kind of life were we living?”
“We were living in the village you helped rebuild—your hometown. We spent every day happily.”
“Rebuilding the village, you say…”
The Older Sister gazed off into the distance. If my memory serves me correctly, rebuilding the village was supposed to be her dream.
“In one of the loops, when I rescued you, you had a strange smile on your face and cried intensely at night.”
“That’s… right. I’m aware of that. Thanks to you, Naofumi-sama, I was able to pull through. Will the day come when we can rebuild that village…? I think that would be wonderful.”
“I’m sure we can do it in this world, too.”
“…And you’re the one saying that? After killing that person, do you seriously think we can do it?”
My Older Sister said, furrowing her brow. I don’t know what she’s doubting, but it’s entirely possible. After all, he’s just a Crimson Swine. Once I work things out with the Queen, acquiring territory will be a piece of cake.
“Of course it will.”
“Just how carefree are you…? Fine. Let’s discuss it with Lord Naofumi and Sadeena-nee as well.”
She looked slightly happier. Despite everything, my Older Sister still holds onto her dream of rebuilding the village.
“W-well, then, I’ll go ahead and ask… Naofumi-sama and I… d-did we… get married or something?”
“I wonder? I’m pretty sure… we did.”
“Why are you being so vague about that part?”
My memories of that period are rather hazy. Since it’s been quite a while since the Wave completely ended, my memories are vague, as if shrouded in mist. I suppose you could call them fragmented? I can only recall scattered scenes from daily life, much like childhood memories, and they aren’t as clear as my memories of saving the world from the Wave. However, given the circumstances, it wouldn’t be strange if I had been married.
“Still, as the Shield Hero who saved the world, I do recall being somewhat tolerant of relationships with other women.”
“I-Is that so…”
“I seem to recall that you and your Older Sister had a child together… I’m sorry. It’s all a bit hazy.”
I can’t even remember if it was a boy or a girl. But… I do remember that the village was overflowing with happiness. Making this world like that is one of my goals.
“…No, just hearing that is enough for me. I’ll have to do my best to reach a future like that, too.”
That’s just like you, Older Sister. Before long, perhaps feeling motivated, she started doing push-ups.
Come to think of it, she was training during the party swap on Carmira Island, too. That kind of relentless effort must have been the secret to her rising to prominence as my Father’s right-hand woman. She’s someone I’ve always respected. And that’s how we waited for Father to return. I got to admire Filo-tan’s sleeping face to my heart’s content. Thank you for the treat.
Chapter 845 - Folders in My Brain [2017/10/10 10:00]
It was around midnight… when my father brought home Older Sister’s older sister in grand style.
“Even though things were so vague, for Sadeena-nee to come… Could it be that Naofumi-sama and Sadeena-nee are…”
What really stuck with me was the quiet murmur my Older Sister let slip as she went to greet my Father. That’s what they call a girl’s heart, isn’t it? I’m quite the expert on romance, so I understand it well. To put it bluntly, aiming to be Cupid for my Father and my Older Sister from now on sounds like a good plan. If it goes well, I can earn their strong trust, which might help strengthen my relationship with Filo-chan. After all, I want to be blessed by everyone around Filo-chan, too.
“Motoyasu, are you sure this guy’s the one?”
When I went out to greet him in front of the inn, my Father said this with his arms crossed. I didn’t doubt him for a second, but to bring my Older Sister along so easily—that’s just like my Father.
“Oh?”
“That’s right. Why are you asking me, though?”
“Well, I went around a few taverns, picked out someone who seemed like they’d understand, and mentioned Raphtalia’s name—and they did nod, mind you. But Zeltoble is the kind of place where people might just be pretending to know what they’re talking about. That’s why I asked you guys, just to be on the safe side.”
He’s the type who likes to be extra cautious. It seems my sister understands that as well.
“Raphtalia-chan? You’ve grown so much—you’ve become so beautiful, Older Sister, I didn’t even recognize you at first glance.”
“It’s been a long time… Sadeena-neesan.”
Older Sister gives her a big hug. She hugs her back, clearly delighted by the reunion. This is the Kizuna between sisters separated by life’s twists and turns. It’s a truly moving moment. Since I’ve also experienced reuniting with Filo-tan after a long loop, I can really relate to this.
“So… I heard a little bit about this on my way here, but Raphtalia-chan, you’re serving as Naofumi-chan’s slave, aren’t you?”
“Yes. I’ve had the symbol engraved so that Lord Naofumi, the Shield Hero, would… trust in my strength.”
What loyalty! In this world, her Older Sister must have had the mark forcibly removed at one point, so she’s had it engraved again. In other words, she must have shown the same proof of loyalty in the first world as well.
Seeing her Older Sister’s truly noble and admirable demeanor, I started to think that maybe I should show some proof of loyalty myself. However, you can’t enslave a Hero. Hmm… Well then, how about I get a brand—no, a tattoo modeled after Lady Filolial—on my body instead of a slave mark?
“Personally, I don’t think there’s any need to go that far,”
I was about to say that, but my Father and the others were still talking. I’m not the kind of tactless guy who would interrupt a conversation between my Father and my sister, so I kept quiet.
“This is the token I desired, Naofumi-sama.”
“…Ah, that’s right.”
As Father and my sister gazed at each other like that, my Older Sister watched them with a teasing expression, her hand pressed to her cheek. That’s it, isn’t it? Romance! Since I, too, had an encounter with Filo-tan that set my heart aflame with love, I understand it all too well.
“I’m currently working as a companion to Naofumi-sama, the Shield Hero. Our goal is to fight against the waves that devastated the village… so that no more victims like us will be created.”
My Older Sister stated this with great conviction. It’s a bit different from what she said in the world where we managed to save her. I think this is partly due to the different starting point of the loop.
“Sis, isn’t your goal to rebuild the village?”
“…Yes, that’s right. I did have the goal of rebuilding the village.”
Oh? She’s looking off into the distance. What’s the matter? Does that mean it’s no longer a priority?
“Sadeena, you know what’s become of that village now, don’t you?”
“…Yes.”
Older Sister’s Older Sister is nodding as if she understands what my older sister is trying to say. What has become of that village?
“Everyone is gone from that place now. The village I wanted to protect was gone. I know that.”
“Are you giving up, then?”
My Older Sister shakes her head at my question.
“No. But I think there are a lot of things we have to do right now. We can’t rebuild it immediately.”
“No matter what we do, we have to lay the groundwork first. There’s a lot that needs to be done. Whether we’re taking on the waves… or rebuilding the village.”
That’s right. Lady Filolial, money, equipment, Lv, and personnel. We can’t afford to neglect any of these. We’ll need to secure them one by one, step by step.
“Motoyasu, the Three Heroes Sect is a major obstacle to proving my innocence, isn’t it?”
“That’s right. Based on my experience in these loops, even if we turned to the Queen right now, I don’t think the situation would be resolved immediately.”
The Three Heroes Sect has revealed its true colors and is running rampant in collusion with Trash. It seems there were all sorts of troublesome skirmishes back then as well. And we don’t even know where Ren and Itsuki are… We’ve completely missed our chance to talk to them. In the end, the human rights of Demi-Humans and Therianthropes in Melromarc today are practically nonexistent.
“As far as Melromarc is concerned, it’s not a good idea to provoke them carelessly. Until that so-called queen resolves the situation, we’d be better off lying low and keeping the situation under control.”
“...You’re right. Since we’re the ones who put the princess in that state, I think it would be dangerous to go out there carelessly.”
“Oh? Don’t you want to live peacefully with your older sister, Raphtalia?”
Older Sister nodded at the words of her own Older Sister. There wasn’t a shred of lingering attachment in that nod.
“Yes. I don’t want to just reunite with Sadeena-nee and stay under her protection.”
“I see… I understand. It seems Raphtalia-chan’s resolve is firm, so I’ll do my best to support her too.”
That was quick. Just as you’d expect from Older Sister. Now that she’s joined us, our chances of winning have gone way up.
“However…”
My sister-in-law is glancing back and forth between Father and Older Sister. I wonder what’s up? Is she still worried about something?
“I think bringing Sadeena back in one go might be nothing short of a miracle…”
“I’d been told her distinguishing features. After that, if she was mingling with a group of people having a good time drinking, I’d be able to spot her.”
“Oh my! He was drinking with such a grumpy look on his face! It actually made me curious, so I went over to say hello.”
“Is that so?”
It’s true that at first glance, Father looks intimidating. But his heart is as vast and deep as the ocean of stars.
“That’s right. I could tell he was looking for someone, but I never would’ve guessed it was you, sis.”
“Well… I wasn’t even sure if you’d actually be there.”
“I’d just arrived in Zeltoble, and I was drinking while wondering, ‘What should I do now?’ I was really surprised. How did you know?”
“Hmm! I don’t want you to leave me behind, Father!”
Filo-tan came bounding out of the inn room. She spotted my Father and threw herself into his arms.
“Father!”
Filo-chan is clinging tightly to Father. She’s rubbing her head against his body over and over. Father! I’m so jealous! I want you to do that to me, too!
“Even if we’re going to talk about that, it’s too noisy here. Let’s go back to our room at the inn and talk then.”
“Oh, so you’re bringing someone home. I wonder if it’ll be a fun night with the ladies?”
“You’re right in front of Raphtalia. Stop messing around.”
“Sadeena-nee, Lord Naofumi doesn’t like that sort of talk, so please don’t tease him too much.”
“Oh?”
My Father is a sincere and upright man, after all. He’s nothing like the frivolous, easygoing guy I used to be. I, too, am working hard to be more like him so that I can be with Filo-tan.
“Master, you’re not going anywhere else, are you?”
Filo-chan is being affectionate with my Father now that he’s back. What an adorable reaction.
“Not tonight. I brought you a souvenir.”
Saying that, my Father handed Filo-chan a skewer wrapped in leaves. Could it be that he even brought a souvenir for Filo-chan? As expected of my Father—he’s so thoughtful.
“Yay! A souvenir!”
Filo-chan looks so happy, and that makes me happy, too. I’m starting to feel like I want to express this feeling physically.
“If you’ve been a good girl while I was away, I’ll turn a blind eye to a little selfishness. You’ve got to trust and rely on Raphtalia.”
“Big sis, will you protect me?”
“Of course. After all, I was right here with you the whole time while you were asleep, wasn’t I?”
“The Spear Guy didn’t do anything, did he?”
“Yes, I kept an eye on the Spear Hero.”
Of course. I wouldn’t do anything inappropriate to Filo-tan while she’s sleeping. I just talked a little bit about the future with her Older Sister. It’s the truth.
Anyway, this has really helped build Kizuna between Filo-tan and her Older Sister. I can tell from the trusting look she gives her Older Sister.
“Don’t worry, Filo. You’ve gained another Older Sister.”
So, I went into the inn room with Father and explained that I’d come from the future. Father filled in the details, so the conversation went smoothly and was quite easy.
“Oh my—is that so?”
Her older sister said that while looking at me.
“Wait, are you the Spear Hero? You?”
“That’s right! I’m Motoyasu Kitamura, The Love Hunter! Nice to meet you, Older Sister!”
“Well… you can tell at a glance that he’s a pretty weird guy. But what he’s saying is mostly accurate. It might be safer to call him a shady prophet rather than a hero.”
“That’s true…”
My father and my sister-in-law are muttering something to themselves.
“Motoyasu-chan, huh? I get it now.”
It looks like I’ll be able to build a good relationship with Older Sister, too. This should come in handy later on for getting together with Filo-tan. It’s not that I’m doing it because of the people around me… but I do want to get along well with those who are close to Filo-tan.
“So… as for what we should do from here on out…”
“There’s definitely going to be a commotion in Melromarc. So I think it’s best to operate secretly in Zeltoble as planned.”
Hmm? I don’t think anything in particular happened when I went to Melromarc today. At least, I didn’t sense any such atmosphere from the monster merchant. My father from the first world used to say that skilled merchants are well-informed. I can’t imagine someone like that wouldn’t know about the commotion in Melromarc…
“That’s true. First, we have to get stronger—we can’t even start otherwise—and we’ll need money, too. Using the Dragon Hourglass in Zeltoble… it seems we’ll need power or money just to get close to it.”
“Then wouldn’t it be a good idea to make a name for ourselves at the Colosseum? My Older Sister was actually thinking about using that to make some money, too.”
The conversation moved on while I was still thinking it over. But the Colosseum, huh? I’ve never participated myself, but it’s certainly a good way to make money. Above all, since you can earn fame there, there’s a high chance you’ll be able to do a Class Up, too.
“That sounds reasonable… If we use the money and items we get from slaying monsters to build trust while working in Zeltoble, we should be able to make it work.”
“What about Filo?”
“I hear it’s also a nation of merchants, so she could peddle goods in Zeltoble… or maybe work as a delivery person. If we travel around in a carriage as much as we want making deliveries, we might actually make a profit.”
“Yay!”
“I’ll help out too! The Filolials and I will team up with Filo-tan to run a delivery business!”
“No way! Don’t come!”
Feero-tan is getting really excited! I’m starting to get into it too.
“As for the rest, by building connections among merchants—or rather, gaining influence with the merchants’ guild—and arranging for Class Up, we can make Raphtalia and the others stronger too.”
Wow, that’s my Father for you. It seems he immediately figured out how to get ahead in Zeltoble.
“While we’re at it, maybe we should try to bring over some folks from Raphtalia’s village through our slave connections. It’s impossible for us to go to Melromarc to buy them, after all.”
“Oh, please do!”
When my sister bowed her head, my father waved his hand as if to say, “Don’t worry about it.”
“In that case, let’s buy up a building somewhere to use as a base and make sure we can hide the people from Raphtalia’s village there. Well… things will work out eventually once the Queen of Melromarc returns. We’ll just have to be patient until then.”
My father crossed his arms and smiled defiantly. My kind Father never used to look like that. But it’s a truly reassuring expression.
“Zeltoble… Judging by their reactions over the past few days, unlike in Melromarc, even I’m getting a normal response from them. At this rate, there’s nothing we can’t handle.”
That’s right. This is the chance for my father to show what he’s really made of!
“I’m itching to get started. It looks like things are going to get busy from here on out.”
“I think things are already plenty busy…”
“Well then, to celebrate our meeting tonight, shall we have a fun little drinking contest? Naofumi-chan, Motoyasu-chan.”
“I’ll pass.”
After all, Father is the only one who gets to have an evening drink with Older Sister. Above all, I’m burdened with the mission to live with integrity until the world achieves true peace. I have to keep my entertainment in moderation.
“Now that we’ve wrapped up our discussion, how about you guys go out for another drink, Father?”
It reminds me of Filo-tan singing at the tavern. If the same thing were to happen in this world, a new image would be saved in my mental folder. Just thinking about it… hehe, doesn’t it? With a smile like that, my gaze naturally drifted toward Filo-chan… and our eyes met.
“Yaa! The guy with the spear is grinning!”
“Filo, I know he’s scary, but cut him some slack. That said… does this guy even want to be liked…?”
“Does he even plan on staying home with Filo in the first place?”
No, I meant that Filo-tan and I are going along too, right? …Admittedly, the way I phrased it just now does make it sound like we’re staying behind. Well, I’m fine with that, though. No, actually, wouldn’t that be even better? Just me and Filo-chan alone… it’s paradise…
With that thought, I gaze at Filo-chan with a dreamy expression. Then Filo-chan, ruffling her feathers, said,
“No way!”
“Ugh, you’re so noisy! I’m not going, so just be quiet!”
It was quite a noisy night, with my Father making all that racket. Later, while my Older Sister was drinking and reminiscing about her reunion with my sister, I sent some Lucor Fruit to my Father as a little gift. At first, he looked at them suspiciously, but it seemed they suited his taste and he really enjoyed them.
Seeing that, Older Sister’s older sister’s eyes seemed to light up. I remember how they’d get along better every time this happened. I’m a guy who’ll do anything for Filo-tan and my Father. HAHAHA! And so, the night Older Sister joined the group came to an end.
Chapter 846 - The Bird in the Colosseum [2017/10/17 10:00]
The next day, led mainly by Older Sister, we decided to go hunting at sea. Hunting at sea is ideal for boosting the strength of my Father’s group, after all. It seems one of our goals is to obtain a shield for use underwater.
“What should I do?”
“For now, just focus on making money and gathering materials. As for the rest… once the Filolials you registered hatch, raise them.”
“Got it!”
I’ve finally received permission to raise the Filolials, so now I just have to wait for them all to hatch. Ah, I’m so excited I can hardly stand it. My head is full of dreams… my heart is racing!
“Is that really okay?”
“I’ve already warned you not to go buying and raising them endlessly. Judging by Filo’s example, they all look like they’ll grow up to be big eaters.”
“It’s going to get pretty lively, huh?”
“Hey, Master—where are you going today? The guy with the spear isn’t coming, is he?”
Hmm? It seems Filo-chan is worried about me. What a delightful turn of events.
“Don’t worry, Filo-chan. I’ll definitely come running later!”
“Don’t come—!”
Filo-chan is full of energy again today! I’ll follow Filo-tan’s example, be full of energy, and live each moment to the fullest!
And so, our days in Zeltoble began. Starting with Kou, whom we managed to secure, and while also training Luna-chan and the others, we spent the first week entirely focused on setting up our living environment, following Father’s instructions. After all, this is Zeltoble.
Come to think of it, I spotted some folks who looked like Ren and Itsuki. Given the time of year, they might be here. Since the trip back via the portal takes just a moment anyway, and I know they still plan to operate in Melromarc for a while, they’ll probably just head back on their own as long as we don’t interfere. And with my Father and my Older Sister here, it doesn’t seem like it’ll be too difficult to get our daily lives settled.
To start things off, it seems my Father sold the supplies he’d gathered to a merchant to build up some connections. We’ve rented a house on the outskirts of Zeltoble. Even though my portal lets them go anywhere, they say they’ll be using this place as their base for a while. My father mentioned that lodging costs would get too high if the group got any bigger.
Also, Older Sister has found quite a few treasures through salvage work and built up some capital; with that money, she bought Filo-tan a horse-drawn carriage, which made her very happy. My older sister seems to have gotten used to life in Zeltoble as well; unlike when she was in Melromarc, she’s been tying a bandana around her head and helping out Older Sister.
Other than that, she goes peddling with Filo-chan. Since Zeltoble’s territory is smaller than Melromarc’s, there are relatively few domestic trade routes. In fact, there are far more routes leading out of the country.
“Hmm… Raph, pet Kou for me.”
“Sure, sure. Kou-san sure is a little clingy, isn’t he?”
“Ehehe—”
Now that he’s become the Filolial King, Kou has turned into a child who often seeks affection from his older sister. He’s usually hanging around her, just like right now.
“Kou, raised by Motoyasu, gets along well with Raphtalia, doesn’t he?”
“U, uh…”
Kou seems a bit nervous around his Father. His Father, seeing Kou like that, looks rather amused. I’m starting to feel amused myself.
“Since he’s got a good sense of propriety, he seems easier to handle than Filo.”
“Ehh! Filo’s way more useful!”
“That attitude alone says it all.”
My Father and Filo-chan seem to be having a fun conversation. I want to join in too!
“Huh!? The guy with the spear is coming closer!”
Whenever I get close, Filo-chan ends up hiding behind my Father. Oh, how cruel…
“Not again…”
My Father is looking at me and Filo-chan with an exasperated expression.
“By the way, Father. Has Kou been behaving himself?”
“Hm? Ah, he hasn’t caused any trouble, and unlike Filo, he’s quite well-behaved. He’s taken a liking to Raphtalia, too, so I’m thinking of letting her manage him as his personal Filolial…”
What?! Kou is being highly praised by my Father. This is the same Kou who once got scolded by my Father for trying to eat Keel and Mole. And to think he might even become my older sister’s personal Filolial… What an immense honor!
“Oh, that’s wonderful. Kou, make sure to protect your older sister well.”
I’m happy that Kou is getting such high praise. Above all, if Kou can build a relationship with my Older Sister here, it’ll boost my standing too. So, I really want Kou to do his best.
“Got it!”
“Now then, Motoyasu. Do you know why this guy acts just like you do from Filo’s perspective, hiding in Raphtalia’s shadow?”
Kou looks a bit nervous as he hides behind his Older Sister, watching me, Filo-chan, and my Father. He seems much more subdued from the start than the Kou I know. What kind of change is this?
“Oh my! Naofumi-chan, aren’t you scaring Kou-chan?”
“……Did I do something to this kid?”
“I don’t think you did anything in particular. It’s just that you scolded Filo the other day, didn’t you? Maybe that’s what scared him?”
“Ah… yeah, that did happen.”
I see… The other day, Filo-tan was reluctant to stay home alone and got scolded by my Father. Maybe that scene is still burned into Kou’s memory.
That said, I don’t think it’s all that strange. In a previous loop, Kou had once underestimated my kind Father. Even for a gentle Father, Kou’s behavior—openly declaring he’d attack and eat Keel and Mole—was simply too much to bear, so he gave him a stern lecture. After that, Kou didn’t try to eat Keel or Mole, and he stopped disrespecting his Father.
And now, seeing Kou being so subdued around his Father… well, you know. Kou is a strong-willed child when he’s energetic, so perhaps he’s just not comfortable with someone like Father right now. It’s the same psychology as when a boisterous boy goes quiet in front of a scary teacher.
“He was being so selfish that I even had The Slave Trader in Zeltoble renew his monster crest.”
“Ugh… Master, you’re trying to keep the spear-wielder and Filo in the same place.”
“Sadeena and Raphtalia were there too, weren’t they? You should be able to put up with that much.”
Filo-tan is a bit of a shy one this time around. Even so, I can really feel how she’s enjoying her days to the fullest. Being able to watch that scene unfold right beside her makes me feel absolutely wonderful. Unlike in the previous loop, I can actually feel that Filo-tan is really here. My stress gauge is constantly at zero. I’m so mentally fulfilled that I could fight at full strength at any moment. It’s all thanks to Filo-chan.
But, you say Kou gets along well with his big sister? Maybe that’s only natural.
“I kind of understand why Kou’s so attached to his big sister. After all, he got along well with her in the first world and in the other worlds, too.”
To be precise, he was especially close to a creature that resembled her, but I suppose that’s just a minor difference. To begin with, Kou has a bit of a joker’s streak, and he’s a real foodie. In the previous loop, he even tried to eat Itsuki’s hair, a Mole, and Keel. Come to think of it…
“Actually, he got along better with your late Older Sister’s friend than he did with you.”
Your late Older Sister’s friend—such a nostalgic memory. She was a person of truly noble spirit. She was so kind to Kou that I remember her well, too.
“…Deceased?”
“That’s right. She was a friend from before your sister met her Father.”
My sister’s eyes widened, and her expression turned slightly sad. Older Sister quickly stepped in to comfort her.
“…Depending on the loop, could she be saved?”
The Father sensed the tension and turned to ask me.
“That’s right.”
“…Sigh. Is it already too late?”
The Father asked me and my sister. My sister nodded.
“Yes… Refana… passed away right before my eyes.”
“That’s right. I suppose a few days after summoning was about the limit.”
“…I see.”
“Refana-chan, huh. Such a sweet girl… It’s so sad to think she’s gone…”
My Older Sister and her Older Sister murmur thoughtfully, lost in their own thoughts.
“Hm? Hmm?”
Kou, Filo-chan, and the Filolials nearby are exchanging glances, looking a bit flustered by the somber atmosphere. It’s absolutely adorable.
“Filo-chaan!”
“Yay! Master!”
“You guys need to read the room!”
Oh, Father just scolded me.
“Naofumi-sama…”
“I know. Normally, ensuring my own safety would come first, but because of Motoyasu… things have gotten pretty tied up. I intend to proceed with the original plan of securing Raphtalia’s village companions. I’m already building the connections needed for that.”
As if to reaffirm his resolve, my Father clenched his fist. Oh, I knew you were building connections, but so that was your plan, was it? As always, I’m constantly amazed by Father’s strategy, which is as vast as the ocean. He really is something else.
“I’ve asked The Slave Trader here to look into sourcing them, so it shouldn’t be too difficult. Raphtalia and Sadeena want to compile a list of the villagers’ names, so please help them out.”
“Y-yes.”
My Father and my sister are currently studying the Melromarc script that I translated. They seem to be picking it up quite quickly, though. I hear my sister’s Older Sister can already read and write a little.
“Based on Motoyasu’s testimony, it seems we can recreate the situation in Melromarc by having the Filolials and others handle the drug sales… as long as I stay out of it directly. After all, the Holy Bird Saint—who’s shaking up Melromarc’s religion—doesn’t need to show his face.”
Oh… it seems my Father is thinking things through and acting accordingly.
“Kukuku… it seems there would be problems if I went too far without considering profits, and striking the right balance looks tricky, but it’s not impossible.”
My Father is smiling with a look of amusement. This brings the end of the Three Heroes Sect one step closer.
“Still… it feels like I’m just following a walkthrough. It’s like I’m doing the same thing Ren and Itsuki did, and I can’t shake this uneasy feeling…”
Father’s expression has turned serious as he murmurs this. Hahaha! There’s no way Father would make the same mistakes as Ren and Itsuki!
“What should I do, then? Should I go hunting again and gather various items?”
“That’s necessary too, but there are other things you can do in Zeltoble.”
Oh? So I’ve got a job to do. Leave it all to me! No matter how difficult the mission, I’ll definitely pull it off.
“Motoyasu, you just need to make full use of that ridiculously strong power of yours at the Zeltoble Colosseum. I’ll register you as a sponsor anonymously. Oh, and don’t forget to make sure your cover isn’t blown.”
Apparently, Zeltoble has its own unique rules, and it seems that close associates or merchants who team up with Colosseum fighters can improve their social standing. This is the quickest way to gain trust and a track record without relying on my status as a Hero, all so I can use the Dragon Hourglass in Zeltoble.
While it’s possible for an individual to use the Dragon Hourglass by paying a huge sum, they’re probably saying it would become too much of a hassle when you factor in not only the ladies but also Filo-tan, Filolial, and the villagers who’ll be joining us soon. So, they’ve decided it’s more advantageous to become famous under a pseudonym and ensure we can use it freely. I take my hat off to Motoyasu.
“Got it! So I just have to fight, right? Destroy!”
“I think you probably only understand about half of that.”
“What a coincidence—me too.”
“Oh my—”
“Raphtalia and Sadeena are probably more attuned to that sort of thing, so please make sure Motoyasu can lie low effectively.”
“I think that’s the hardest order I’ve ever been given…”
“Ah… I know. I’m asking this even though I know it’s a stretch. I’m counting on you.”
“I’ll… do my best.”
And so, on Father’s orders, I ended up participating in the Zeltoble Colosseum to earn money and gain fame. I can’t wait to get my hands dirty. I’m going to slaughter every last one of them. Hahaha, you’re all going to die!
…Oh? Was the bloodbath supposed to be in the back colosseum? If it’s the main one, I’ll settle for just beating them half to death.
“First, we’ll have to disguise myself so no one recognizes me as the Hero… like covering my face, right?”
“Then let’s use the Filolial-sama’s feathers to make a mask.”
“We’ll have to register a fighter name, too.”
“Ah, I plan to register as a sponsor as well.”
“A fighter name, you say! Then ‘Filo-tan Love Guard No. 1’ would be perfect!”
“Master…”
Filo-tan is calling out to her Father in a voice that sounds like she’s clinging to him. Oh! Filo-tan is head over heels for my athlete name, too! I’m suddenly feeling motivated. Hmph! That’s right!
“Oh, for heaven’s sake… Motoyasu, rejected!”
“What?! Even though Filo-tan is cheering me on, is it still a no?”
“If that sounds like cheering to you, your ears are just for show.”
Haven’t my Motoyasu ears been running at full blast ever since then? My Father and the others are giving me exasperated looks. What on earth are they so dumbfounded about?
“Just pick something else for now. Using ‘Filo’ in your ring name is off-limits. There are other no-gos too, so come up with something else.”
“I guess I have no choice. ‘Perfect Hide Justice’ is the ring name Itsuki uses, so that’s a no-go.”
“Wait a second. A ring name just came up that really piqued my interest… Tell me about it later.”
Oh? Are you curious about Itsuki’s ring name? I see. You’re all going to make fun of him, aren’t you? When that happens, I’ll point and laugh right along with you.
“Naofumi-sama, we’re getting off track.”
“Ah, that’s right.”
“Then how about ‘Filolial LOVE’ or ‘Servant of the Angels’?”
“…That’s the kind of naming sense that makes whoever says the ring name sound incredibly pathetic. The theme is consistent, but isn’t there anything else?”
“Hmm, why wouldn’t those work?”
“Put yourself in my shoes—I’d be the one sponsoring a guy with a name like that.”
And with that, he rejected them in a firm tone. …What’s so wrong with them? I don’t get it at all. But since Father says no, there must be a good reason.
“If we’re going to make a mask out of the Filolials’ feathers and enter the competition, wouldn’t ‘Filolial Mask’ be a good name?”
My older sister suggested. Filolial Mask, huh? That’s actually not a bad idea, is it?
“True, from a Colosseum perspective, that approach could work…”
My father nodded after thinking for a moment.
“That’s probably the kind of thing Motoyasu himself could get behind. Motoyasu, what do you think?”
“No problem at all! Starting today, I’m Filolial Mask!”
Just as I expected from my Older Sister. So, I’ll be fighting in the ring wearing Lord Filolial’s mask… I’ll become the Colosseum’s bird!
It’s Quay!
The prize money will go toward helping my less fortunate sister’s fellow slaves. It’s pretty cool—just like some pro wrestler!
“So Motoyasu’s ring name will be Filolial Mask… Motoyasu, when you’re lying low in Zeltoble to avoid being recognized as the Hero, use that name.”
“Quay!”
“……”
“Leave it to me!”
“That’s fine. Also, in the Colosseum, refrain from using Skills as much as possible. Don’t hold back either. You must fight without letting anyone realize you’re the Hero.”
Taking those words to heart, I fashioned a mask from the feathers shed by Lord Filolial and his companions. I put it on my face and struck a pose in front of my Father and the others.
Since I’ve already raised quite a few Filolials, I’ve secured enough feathers to make my own gear. By the way, it’s all made from feathers that fell out naturally. After all, I’m a “clean” Filolial Mask.
“What do you think, Father! With this, have I transformed from The Love Hunter into the Filolial Mask?”
I showed off the finished Filolial Mask outfit to my father and the others. I think it turned out pretty well, if I do say so myself—what do you think?
“Ah… well, I guess it does kind of look like a bird-man.”
“That cape is really making a statement, isn’t it?”
“That said, something this flashy might go over well in a place like that. Still, it reminds me of something… I guess it’s better than being half-naked.”
“Should I take it off?”
The time has come to show off my physique, honed through past experiences and the loops. Unfortunately, I’m the type who looks thinner in clothes, so you might not be able to tell just by looking. But believe it or not, I’ve actually got quite a bit of muscle. Since I’m running around day and night with the Filolials, I’ve developed some functional muscle. Vroom!
“Don’t take it off.”
“Oh my—”
“But this mask… it just doesn’t quite feel right, you know.”
I take off the mask and take another look at it.
“You were the one who said you wanted to make a mask out of the Filolials’ feathers and wear it… Won’t it get stuffy in this heat? They do love to swarm around people, after all.”
“Naofumi-sama, they do tend to cling to you, don’t they?”
“Hmm! I get it!”
I pull Filo-tan’s feather out of my pocket and attach it to the top of the mask as a decorative feather. It’s a recreation of Filo-tan’s signature feature—one she no longer has.
“All right, then.”
Chapter 847 - Drive Mode [2017/10/24 10:00]
It fits just right. This is exactly what you’d call a Filolial Mask. And when I looked over at my Father…
“What do you mean, ‘All right’?”
“Master! Get Filo’s feather back from that guy with the spear!”
Oh, little Filo’s all excited and pointing at me! What do you say, little Filo? This really gets me fired up!
“Boo! Master!”
“I guess I could take it away… but don’t you think things might get even worse if I do?”
“Ugh…”
Oh? My father is trying to calm Filo-chan down. Did something happen? Since my father is too busy dealing with Filo-chan, I turn my attention to Older Sister. But she quickly looks away, too.
“Um… why Filo’s feather?”
She asked, still looking away.
“It’s an accent! And proof that I’m The Love Hunter.”
“I don’t get it.”
“Oh my—Motoyasu-chan really does love Filolial and Filo-chan, doesn’t he?”
Older Sister looks quite amused. Of course I do! If I were to talk about all the wonderful things about Filo-tan and Filolial, I couldn’t finish in a single night. Just talking about them would probably take my whole life.
“Well then, let’s go register as a fighter. Motoyasu, make sure to earn some money without going overboard.”
“Of course I will!”
And so, I ended up working as the Filolial Mask in Zeltoble. Since they were going to be determining my level and such, I made some adjustments before heading to the Colosseum to register as a fighter.
It’s quite a lively Colosseum, isn’t it? I’ve been in and out of the Colosseum quite a bit, but I don’t have much experience actually participating in the arena itself.
Come to think of it… I remember that after the battles ended in Zeltoble, a shopping district had sprung up selling merchandise for Filo-chan, Ku, and others—including Keel. It had the same kind of atmosphere as that former electronics district, the mecca for idols, anime, and the like.
I’m sure that’s proof that the world has become peaceful. After all, I was Member No. 01 of Filo-tan’s Personal Guard. We absolutely have to set something like that up in this world, too.
“Um… the competitor’s name?”
“It’s Filolial Mask.”
“Filolial Mask-sama, I see…”
At that moment, my father made a sound as if he were covering his mouth to stifle a laugh. What was going on?
“Naofumi-sama?”
“No, I was just impressed by how smoothly the receptionist repeated it.”
“Well… I think she can say that because she doesn’t know much about this person.”
“True. Just the name alone doesn’t raise any red flags…”
After that, once the screening was mostly complete, my athlete registration was finished.
“Well then, Father! Please watch me in all my glory!”
“I’m busy, so I’ll only watch up to the second match.”
“That’s plenty!”
My father is a busy man, after all. He works day and night for Filo-chan and world peace.
The opponent I faced in the first match was nothing but a pushover, so I took it easy and lightly defeated him with my spear. Needless to say, I smoothly moved up the ranks and brought the prize money back to Father.
---
At our base on the outskirts of town, I waved to my Father and Lord Filolial and the others while holding up the prize money.
“I did it, Father! It was a piece of cake!”
“I watched up until around the second match, so I know.”
“Filo-chan! How did it go?”
When I asked Filo-chan, she turned her gaze away with a huff. She’s so cold. But even that makes her adorable.
“You’re such a shy one!”
“Boo!”
Oh, that’s Filo-chan’s warning growl. She’s so adorable. So I’ll clasp my hands together and give her a courtship growl of my own.
“Boo!”
“……”
Filo-chan won’t answer me.
“Filo-chaan! I’m treating you to a feast today with the prize money I won!”
“Yaaah!”
Oh! Filo-tan is running off.
“Please wait for me!”
Oh! Lately, Filo-tan seems to have become quite fast, thanks to Father’s training. She’s quickly putting distance between us.
“Filo’s so fast. Raph, would you prefer Kou to be fast on his feet too?”
“If I had to choose, I’d rather Kou be more comfortable to ride.”
“Hmm?”
My older sister and Kou are chatting happily. By the way, Luna-chan is here too, but she’s so absorbed in taking care of Filolial’s chicks that she isn’t looking this way. That’s just like Luna-chan, who loves cute things. Though, the fact that she seems less energetic than the Luna-chan I know is a bit concerning. Oh, but more importantly, it’s my date with Filo-tan.
“Father! May I treat Filo-tan to a nice meal with this bounty?”
“But she seems to be resisting, doesn’t she?”
“Hahaha, you’re joking!”
“…Sigh.”
Oh? Father seems a bit worn out. Isn’t this exactly the kind of time when a sumptuous meal is needed? Food is the foundation of good health, after all.
“Boo!”
“Well then, Filo-tan! Let’s go shopping to cheer up my Father!”
“Yay!”
Oh, Filo-tan, you’ve gotten stronger since I last saw you. You’re quite the sprinter. I’d say you’re one of the fastest among Filolials at this level, wouldn’t you agree? I’m sure she’s been honing her skills behind my back.
“Father, Filo-chan is incredibly fast!”
“Well, Filo said she wanted to get even a little faster. So I’ve been specializing her stats to make her as fast as possible through talent development.”
“Is that so!?”
“Ah, apparently it’s so she can escape from a certain hunter who’s always ready to pounce.”
In other words… that means she wants to go on a never-ending date with me! Woahhhhh, I’m getting really hyped up! I’m super hyped!
“Well then, I’ll do my best too!”
“What else are you going to try so hard at, you!—I mean, don’t try so hard!”
“Hahaha! Filo-chan, please wait for me!”
“Yaaah!”
Oh, Filo-chan is running off like the Wind. I might be able to catch up if I run at full speed, but this is Filo-chan we’re talking about. She’s definitely still holding something back.
Well, I guess I have no choice. I’ll grab the spare wheel from the Filolial-sama’s carriage—the one leaning against the wall at our base—and use my Skills to summon another spear, turning it into a portable javelin. It’s what you’d call the “two-spear style.”
“Transform, here we go!”
I never imagined I’d end up showing off this special move—which I’d been saving for when I played with the Filolials at the mountain pass—but I’ve got to do it to go on a date with Filo-chan. I slide the spear through the axle of the spare wheel, grip the front wheel with my hand and the rear wheel’s axle with my foot, and assume a prone position. Then, using a variation of my “Spiral Spear” skill—which involves spinning the spear at high speed before thrusting it—I set the wheel spinning at high speed.
“W-what!?”
Filo-chan is watching me from afar. I want her to watch! My heroic figure!
“Motoyasu, Drive Mode!”
Shakin’! That’s right. I’ve transformed into something just like a motorcycle. My Skills, Ki, and Magical Power are all running at full capacity.
“Whoa…”
My Father is making some kind of strange sound. But right now is the time to show Filo-chan my heroic form. Of course, I’ll show it off to my Father too. I pressed the wheel against the ground like an accelerator and took off!
“Vroom, vroom!”
I spun my wheels quickly and set off in pursuit of Filo-chan.
“Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!? Don’t come near meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!”
Filo-tan turned her back on me and started running. She’s incredibly fast. Isn’t this the fastest she’s ever been?
“Filo-tan! Please wait for me!”
This is where my fun little date with Filo-tan is about to begin.
“I can’t even watch this anymore… Just how far is that guy going to fall…?”
I thought I heard my Father mutter that as he grew smaller in an instant, but I suppose it was just my imagination. Anyway, my fun date with Filo-tan lasted about half a day.
The weather was perfect—just right for a drive. The road we took was paved, but since it wasn’t concrete like in Japan, it was pretty bumpy. But it was no match for my “Drive Mode.”
Along the way, Filo-chan veered off onto a pathless trail, but that was no problem. I drifted along to keep up with her. In this driving mode, I can go anywhere—whether it’s grasslands, wilderness, mountain roads, deserts, or snowfields. If I really try, I might even be able to drive across a lake or the ocean.
Before long, when Filo-tan got tired and took a break… oh, we’re already well on our way toward Shieldfreeden, quite a distance from Zeltoble. At this rate, we’re close enough to reach the capital of Shieldfreeden in about three days. Oh? Looking up at the sky, I see an airship flying by.
“Phew… phew…”
“Filo-chan, are you okay? Here’s the water bottle I prepared for you.”
“I-I don’t need it…”
So, she’s saying she’ll manage on her own. I suppose that means Filo-tan can do anything by herself. She’s quite reliable.
“Well then, here’s to your eyes… I guess.”
Saying that, I took a drink from my own water bottle. Before long, Filo-tan started heading back the way we came. Isn’t it quite a hassle to walk back from here? I said as I ran alongside Filo-tan.
“Filo-tan, how about using the Portal Spear to go back?”
“Don’t come near meeeeeeeee!”
We made our way back the way we came, and by the time we reached our base, night had fallen.
“Ugh… Filo’s totally wiped out. I’ve got to get faster…”
When we got home, Filo-tan practically collapsed as she made her way over to my Father. She must have been exhausted from all the excitement today.
“You’re finally back.”
My Father said this almost as soon as I switched out of Drive Mode. It looks like my Father is working on something with my sisters in the kitchen.
“Oh! Father! I had a really fun ride with Filo-tan today.”
“I have to admire your nerve for calling that a ‘ride.’”
“It’s been the talk of the neighborhood. ‘The motorcyclist who appeared in Zeltoble…’”
“Motoyasu-chan really knows how to enjoy every day, doesn’t she? I suppose I should take a cue from her.”
“I think it’s best not to take too much inspiration from that.”
That’s what my father and the others were saying.
“Actually, even though Filo is like that, you don’t seem particularly tired.”
“I work out, you know!”
“Oh… right.”
Part of the reason is simply leveling up and improving my stats, but I also train my body every day, just like my Older Sister does. After all, you need strength to play with the Filolial-samas. In other words, just hanging out with the Filolial-samas makes you healthier.
This is the Filolial-sama Health Method. The Filolial-samas are the best! Eventually, my Father noticed something.
“Filo’s stats have gone up a bit… So this is the factor other than level.”
It’s the same thing the Older Sister from the first world used to do all the time. Indeed, since Filo-chan ran a lot today, it wouldn’t be surprising if her Strength and leg strength had improved.
“Ah… I see. “Filo, tomorrow I’ll let you eat whatever you want, as much as you want.”
“Really? Why?”
“Well, let’s just call it a change of heart… Don’t worry about it. Just think about what you want to eat.”
“Yay!”
You did it, Filo-chan! But for some reason, my Father is being really kind to Filo-chan.
“This is going to be a lot of work to clean up…”
my Father murmured under his breath. Motoyasu’s ears are so sharp that he picks up even the faintest sound when it’s something important!
“For now, just rest. I’ll figure something out.”
“Okay, got it!”
And with that, my Father—who’s being unusually kind for some reason—came over to me and said,
“You’re not the type to laugh, are you?”
“What do you mean by that?”
I’m not the type to laugh? I’m not quite sure, but isn’t that only natural? I’ve sworn to live with integrity, so I don’t engage in the kind of frivolous behavior I used to.
“Motoyasu, I’m asking this in all seriousness… do you really like Filo?”
“Hahaha, why bring that up now? I adore Filo-chan from the bottom of my heart!”
“So that’s what it was… But it seems you two went quite far.”
“That’s right. Along the way, Filo-chan was kicking monsters to earn EXP.”
“Don’t you mean she charged right at them without looking both ways just to escape from you?”
Admittedly, she was moving at such incredible Speed that “charged” might not be an inaccurate description. Those monsters were getting blown away effortlessly by Filo-tan’s charges, after all.
“So, Father. Actually, there’s something else Drive Mode can do.”
“……What is it?”
I give a thumbs-up and declare proudly.
“I can carry you on my back, Father!”
A road trip with Filo-chan while carrying Father on my back in Drive Mode… that sounds like fun. I’d definitely like to try that.
“Are you out of your mind? No way am I getting on there. Why on earth would I have to do something like that?”
Oh? My father turned me down. Well, I suppose that can’t be helped. I guess he’d rather ride on Filo-tan’s back. How about my sister-in-law, then? When I looked at her, she quickly turned her face away. Instead, my older sister’s Older Sister spoke up.
“Oh my… Well then, if my older sister were to carry Naofumi-chan and the others on her back in the ocean, I wonder what Motoyasu-chan would call it?”
“It’d be ‘Water Ski Mode,’ and if we’re diving, ‘Submarine Mode’!”
My older sister’s Older Sister is quite the character, isn’t she? Even I’ve never tried “Drive Mode” underwater… so I really wouldn’t know.
“That’s beside the point.”
“Oh my. But Older Sister, if it’s Naofumi-chan, it’s okay to let him ride—in more ways than one.”
“Sadeena-nee, please don’t joke around too much.”
“Oh my.”
“But… while Motoyasu just comes across as a pervert, the fact that riding on Filo or riding on Sadeena’s back in the ocean doesn’t seem strange at all—maybe that’s actually what’s strange…”
“Naofumi-sama, please pull yourself together!”
“Ah, ah… I really should stop thinking like this.”
As I watch my Father and the others chatting like this, I find myself basking in a sense of elation.
It’s been a fulfilling day, hasn’t it?
However… the wheels I’d been using on the temporary set have fallen apart. I’d been making do by strengthening them with Ki and repairing them along the way… but maybe I should make proper tires for touring with Filo-tan. Since my Father later researched the carriages used by the Filolials, I should use that as a reference to develop my own tires.
Anyway, my father was giving Filo-tan a massage since she was exhausted from our date. I’m so jealous. I wanted to help out too, but I wasn’t allowed to because they said Filo-tan would wake up if I got too close.
“It’s lively here every day, isn’t it?”
“It’s way too lively… I wonder how much longer this will go on…”
“It’s surely only a matter of time before Father’s name is cleared. We just have to hang in there until the Queen returns.”
And that’s how the days went by.
Chapter 848 - Robe Pork [2017/10/31 10:00]
It was the evening of the week after I’d started living at the Colosseum. My father decided to take my sisters to the port of Zeltoble. Naturally, I tagged along too.
After all, Zeltoble is a place of both Light and Darkness. This is the port on the side of Darkness, and it has quite a gloomy atmosphere. Then, as if to fulfill a promise, my father called out to a monster merchant.
“Well, well, the Shield—no, Lord Lokk. Hello.”
The monster merchant of Zeltoble greeted my father with a smile. Huh? Is that my Father’s alias? I remember he named the territory he pioneered in the first world after that. Well, knowing my Father, he probably just tweaked his last name to come up with it. I think it’s a pretty fitting alias.
“I heard the slaves I ordered have arrived?”
“Yes, they’re right here… Well, thanks to the assistance from the Haven Trading Company, the local merchants said it was much easier to procure them, which was a great help.”
“I see…”
The monster merchant is busily having carriages unloaded from the ship and giving orders. The figure in a full-length robe following alongside the carriage is quite striking. It seems Father, acting as the representative, is introducing the person wearing that robe—someone arranged by the monster merchant.
“Raphtalia, Sadeena, please check the cargo.”
“Y-yes.”
“Okay!”
By the way, Filo-chan and the other Filolials are waiting in the rear. They don’t particularly care for the gloomy atmosphere of Zeltoble’s Dark Harbor, but since they know the carriage will be unloaded soon, they’re waiting with bated breath. The older sisters are peering inside the carriage to check on things. I took a quick peek inside as well—there was a cage set up inside, and some familiar Demi-Humans were huddled together in one spot with somber expressions. Right then, the Older Sister appeared in the form everyone knows her by: her Therianthrope form.
“Hellooo. Is everyone okay?”
“Buh?”
“Ah, Sadeena-san…”
“Buh-buh!”
Oh, now that they’ve seen a familiar face, everyone is rushing over to my Older Sister’s Older Sister all at once. As expected of Older Sister, she’s incredibly trustworthy. Since she was trusted by Filo-chan and Lord Filolial in the first world as well, this is only to be expected.
“My sisters and I are going to take you all to a safe place right now, so you can rest easy.”
“Buh… Buh?”
Older Sister is smiling cheerfully. She’s so good with kids—her handling of them rivals even my Father’s.
“So, I’m going to tell you something that might surprise you all. Even I was surprised when I first saw her. Believe it or not, the child here is actually Raphtalia-chan.”
“Y-yes. “It’s been a while, everyone.”
“B, B-B-B-B-B!?”
Oh? A pig that looks just like Keel is staring intently at my Older Sister from inside its cage. But… could the difference in how quickly they came to believe her be related to the level of trust that had already been established before this happened? It took a little while to get my sister and her friends to believe me. But just having my sister’s Older Sister here has allowed me to gain their trust this quickly… My sister’s Older Sister must be quite trusted, huh.
“Alright, everyone, after you count to make sure there aren’t any unfamiliar kids here, line up so we can check easily.”
“Okay!”
“Boo-boo!”
With all that, it seems the headcount wrapped up fairly quickly. My sister calls out to Father.
“Okay. I’ve confirmed everyone from the village is here. It looks like some kids aren’t feeling well, but we should be able to manage.”
“I see… So.”
My father shifts his gaze toward a figure in a loose-fitting robe. I believe this is the fellow who helped with the villagers’ gathering, or something like that. He looks suspicious at first glance. But the Haven Trading Company… I feel like I’ve heard that name somewhere before. Where was it, though?　Was it in the first world? No, that was…
“I appreciate your help… but what’s your motive? Money?”
“…Boo, bu-bu-bu-bu-hee.”
The figure in the robe let out a somewhat listless sound. That sound… I feel like I’ve heard it somewhere before.
“…And what’s the point of that?”
Hmm… I don’t understand Pig-speak. It’d be easier if he’d just become a talking dog like Keel… Actually, even a talking pig-therianthrope from Siltvelt would be fine.
“Miss, what did he say?”
“He’s saying that in exchange for a discount on the price, he wants to have a say in Lord Naofumi’s actions… Is that right? You’re the Hero, so why don’t you understand what he’s saying?”
“Because he’s a pig, that’s why.”
“Huh?”
I can tell at a glance that my Father is growing increasingly wary of this behavior, which seems to have no clear purpose. Then the pig in the robe raised one hand and began grunting repeatedly.
“Oink, oink… oink, oink-oink-oink, oink-oink-oink.”
After that, my Father suddenly looked at me for some reason before asking the pig in the robe again. It’s driving me crazy. As I twirled my spear to suppress my frustration, my Older Sister explained:
“...Honestly, I hate not knowing when he’ll come to kill me to silence me. Since that’s the case, I figure I’d have a better chance of surviving if I bring some kind of gift to negotiate with, so that’s why I’m cooperating like this. “Don’t you get it?” she says.”
That’s when I realized exactly who this guy was. A summer insect flying into the Fire. If he came here of his own accord, I’ll stab him to death. Die in disgrace, cursing the world! That’s what I’ll do.
“B, b-b-b-b-b? B-b-b-b-b.”
Without a moment’s hesitation, my Father reached out his hand, as if to stop me.
“I haven’t told anyone about Motoyasu’s atrocities, and my business instincts are telling me the winds are in our favor… but I never imagined I’d run into you here—you who managed to escape from Motoyasu.”
“B-b-b-b-b”
Stopped by my Father, I had no choice but to stop aiming my spear at the robe-wearing pig… I mean, Elena, the Lazy Pig. If I were alone, I’d have killed her, but since my Father stopped me, there’s nothing I can do. After all, this one was actually useful in a previous loop. Depending on the situation, she might still be of some use. If she’s worthless, I’ll just have to dispose of her.
“So? Is it true you haven’t heard any rumors about Motoyasu’s atrocities?”
“Bub.”
“That is certainly true. Yes. I cannot say exactly what information you’re referring to, but within the scope of what we’ve been able to gather, we haven’t heard of any commotion involving the real Shield Hero and Spear Hero within Melromarc. Yes.”
Hmm, as always, the Lazy Pig is out to save his own skin. Well, if word had spread, we’d eventually have to go and kill them. But since they mentioned “the real ones,” it seems there’s a fake Father out there. Fakes appeared frequently in the previous loop as well, so it’s not particularly unusual. Still, it’s impressive how these guys can tell the difference between the real and the fake. Soon, my Father—who had been following up on the matter—confronts the monster merchant in Zeltoble, glaring at him while jingling his money pouch and demanding an answer.
“Is that true? If it’s a lie, my mad dogs will turn this port into a sea of Fire.”
Oh… that’s my father’s specialty: intimidation. By the way, who exactly is this “mad dog”? My Older Sister, perhaps? No, I’m sure he’s talking about Keel. But I don’t think Keel is that strong these days, you know?
I remember how he flew into a rage and attacked me just for picking a crepe from the crepe tree. Ever since then, he’s gotten angry and attacked me every time I’ve taken even a single crepe. Well, after a while, I got pretty good at dodging him, though. HAHAHA.
“That’s correct. Yes. All we’ve heard is that plants are multiplying in the village to the southwest.”
“Hmm… That doesn’t seem to have anything to do with it.”
After tossing the money pouch to the monster merchant, Father turns his gaze toward the Lazy Pig. Plants, you say?
“So, what’s your goal here?”
“Oink, oink-oink-oink. Oink-oink.”
As usual, I have absolutely no idea what the Lazy Pig is saying. But if I leave it to my Father, everything will work out fine.
“That person gave us a proper meal on the ship.”
The boy—one of my sister’s friends—is backing him up.
“So you’re trying to curry favor with us just when it suits you… What a hassle…”
Since I have no idea what they’re talking about, I’m looking around in confusion when my Father turns back with a sigh.
“Ask him what his goal is. I’ll keep quiet about what you did. He brought the village slaves as a gift, so he’s proposing that we guarantee their lives and let them work under our command until this whole thing blows over.”
Oh… I see.
“That’s some Lazy Pig logic, isn’t it?”
His survival instinct is unnecessarily strong, and he’s calculating with a decent grasp of the situation. Come to think of it, he’s survived through many loops. Since he was alive in the first world too, his tenacity must be quite something.
“So, Motoyasu. Can we trust this guy?”
“Well… at the very least, he was still alive even after peace was restored. I recall him being one of my Father’s business partners.”
“Huh?”
“So, there are some issues, but he’s not exactly an enemy, then?”
“By the way, aside from the first world, there was a time when he worked under my Father and helped with the business. It’s frustrating to admit, but he seems to be quite good at business.”
I can’t lie to my Father, after all. Even if he is a Lazy Pig, let’s make sure to properly inform him of his specs and track record.
“I see… Well then, if you become a slave who obeys me absolutely, I’ll make sure not to set Motoyasu on you to silence you. Is that okay?”
“Oink.”
The Lazy Pig nodded.
“Is that really okay, Lord Naofumi?”
“As long as the slave mark works properly, there shouldn’t be a problem. If he tries to spill any confidential information—including that incident—I’ll just have him dealt with.”
Father is explaining the situation to my worried Older Sister. He’s absolutely right. Well, I can’t imagine this Lazy Pig would do anything to put himself at a disadvantage.
“Oh my… What on earth are you talking about?”
“Um… Sadeena, I’ll explain that later. Lord Naofumi is hardly at fault here—it’s a problem caused by the Spear Hero.”
“Oh my—”
“Anyway, are these all the people from Raphtalia’s village?”
“No…”
“Well, we’ll keep looking for more… but for now, let’s get these guys loaded up. Filo and the others—!”
“‘‘‘Yes, sir!’’”
Led by Filo-chan, the Filolials start pulling the carriage as if they’ve been waiting for this moment. Amidst all this, I call out to Luna-chan.
“Luna-chan, that’s probably Keel. If you raise him and have your Older Sister teach him how to turn back into a dog, I think you’ll have a lot of fun, Luna-chan.”
“Yeah. Got it.”
Luna-chan still doesn’t talk much, but she seems to have understood what I said. And so, after gathering the village slaves, my Father and the others were escorted to our temporary home in Zeltoble.
After that, my sister and her Older Sister announced their plan to the villagers: to prevent any more people like themselves from being produced, everyone must become stronger together; and eventually, as practice for rebuilding the village, they set a goal to engage in trade with Lady Filolial and the others under Father’s leadership. I was there too, but since it was a familiar scene, I’ll skip the details. To be honest, I was too distracted by Luna-chan staring intently at Keel, who was showing his enthusiasm by chirping at everyone.
“It’s so lively—Filo, this is fun!”
Filo-tan was having a great time, getting caught up in the excitement. I had a blast, too!
My joy is my joy. Filo-tan’s joy is also my joy! Together, it’s happiness. Everything is shared.
“Well… we’re becoming quite a large group, and I’m starting to feel a bit fed up…”
“First, we’ll tempt everyone with Father’s cooking!”
“You said that as if it were the most natural thing in the world.”
After all, Father has always treated us to a meal. Even the Filolials are all drooling at the thought of getting to eat his cooking.
“Master’s dinner—”
Even Filo is joining in.
“You lot have bottomless appetites, so you’ll have to wait.”
“‘Eh—!’”
“That’s too harsh, Father!”
“Shut up. Ah, I wish rice would just sprout from the ground…”
Hm? I have a feeling I’m forgetting something. Oh, that’s right—I forgot to retrieve the Bio-Plant.
“I have an idea where it might be.”
“Hm? Is that so?”
“It is.”
“Well, if you say so, I suppose it must be there…”
Would you believe it? My Father seems uneasy about what I just said. I’m a useful guy, you know. To prove it, I absolutely must go retrieve those Bio-Plant seeds.
“There won’t be any problems, right? Can’t we handle this peacefully without any unnecessary deaths?”
“Of course. Well then, I’ll be off for a quick run. Lady Filolial!　If you’re hungry, come along!”
“‘‘‘Okay!’‘‘”
“Ah, uh…”
That Lazy Pig was watching the whole thing, but I’m ignoring him. That Lazy Pig has absolutely no influence on this world. In fact, he should just stay lying down until the moment he dies.
“Filo’s not going.”
“Neither is Luna.”
“Kou’s going!”
So Filo-tan and Luna-chan will be staying home. I wonder if this will lighten Father’s load a bit today?
“Well then, since I’m out here anyway, maybe I’ll go fishing. Naofumi-chan, I’m counting on you to take care of everyone’s meals.”
“Yeah, yeah… Thank goodness we’re in the Land of Zeltoble, where no one sleeps. I guess I’ll head to the market and buy some ingredients we can eat.”
“Filo’s gonna help!”
Hmm, hmm… A meal made from the ingredients brought back by my Father and Filo-tan… I’m already looking forward to it so much. I’d better hurry up and take down that Bio-Plant to retrieve the seeds.
“Well then, I’ll go clean up Keel-kun and the others.”
“Luna’s gonna help, too!”
Oh, they’re working together so well. Everyone’s bursting with enthusiasm. I can’t let them outdo me.
Chapter 849 - The Guardian of the Crepe Tree [2017/11/07 10:00]
That night, I made my way to the village where the Bio-Plants had been distributed via the portal. Of course, I was moving in stealth mode, having layered “Liberation Fire Mirage” over my Cloaking Lance. Sure enough, it looked like the villagers had been forced to evacuate due to the Bio-Plants’ corruption.
Oh well. I made my way through the evacuation center, spraying healing potions from my lance onto those suffering there, and treated everyone in the infested village. I’ve also unlocked the plant-based skill weapons that Father used to wield. After quickly spraying the potions here and there, I made my way right up to the base of the Bio-Plant…
“Liberation Firestorm X!”
“Gii—!?”
I’ll burn it all to the ground in one go. Even so, the bio-plant stubbornly began to writhe, so I scattered the herbicide—Father’s special formula—that I’d prepared just in case, and eradicated it completely. Bio-plant seeds started falling down, one by one.
I collected everything that scattered and, without asking, replanted a safe, moderately modified bio-plant. I remember the mixing ratios for this area. After all, my Father from the first world taught me how to easily procure food for the Filolials.
“Lords Filolial! It’s time to eat!”
“‘Yay!’”
Responding to my voice, the Lords Filolial came running from behind and began devouring the food left behind by the Bio-Plant.
“W-what’s going on!? The Lords Filolial!?”
“Wait, something’s off here…”
“W-what’s going on!?”
“Are you saying the legendary divine bird saved us?”
“The Filolials are eating the fruit the Spear Hero brought…”
“Can something like this really happen…? It’s truly a miracle of the divine bird!”
“It’s the divine bird!　It’s His Divine Majesty the Divine Bird!”
The villagers are making quite a commotion, but right now, it’s all about the Filolials.
“Well then, Filolials, let’s retreat from here.”
“Yeah!”
“Let’s go home!”
“Let’s go!”
With a thud-thud-thud and a cloud of dust, we left the scene. To make it look like my Father had resolved the situation later on, I stayed hidden as much as possible as we left the scene. Well, retrieving the bio-plant was a breeze.
---
“Well then, Father, this solves our food problem in one fell swoop, doesn’t it?”
So, I provided my Father with the bio-plant materials and seeds.
“Where on earth did you get these…? Well, I suppose it’s because you know the location thanks to your knowledge of the future.”
“Hahaha!”
“Stop laughing and answer me.”
“…Boo.”
“What? Is there a village having trouble with the plants Motoyasu scattered all over Melromarc?”
My Father pointed at the bio-plant materials and the monsters, so I nodded. But you Lazy Pig—don’t say anything that’ll put me in a bad light. Of course, the bio-plants are one of the sins I’ve committed, but you have no right to condemn me for it.
“I treated the villagers as discreetly as possible, took care of the situation, and then had Lord Filolial and his men transport them.”
“Even if no one’s found out about that yet, don’t just go wandering around all over the place!”
“It’s fine!”
“Just stop going in and out of Melromarc so carelessly! Sigh… Well, I guess we’ll just have to figure things out as we go once this is all settled…”
In the end, my father planted the bio-plant in the garden of the house we were using as our base and had everyone tend to it.
---
“Now then, you lot! Those who don’t work shouldn’t eat. If you don’t get properly strong, you’ll never escape being exploited.”
After that, my father began subjecting the village slaves to a Spartan-style training regimen—one passed down directly from my Older Sister and Lady Filolial herself. As I watched that scene unfold… I headed over to Luna-chan. She’s with a pig that looks like Keel.
“So, Keel… why don’t you get stronger alongside Luna and learn how to transform?”
“Buh? B-b-b-b-b-buh!”
As Luna-chan lifted Keel up from behind, Keel reached out toward my older sister as if trying to call out to her for help.
“Uh… Luna, why are you getting so cozy with Keel-kun?”
“Hm? Because Kita told me it would make him cuter.”
“Bubububu!”
“Um… Keel-kun is a boy, you know? Shouldn’t he be getting cooler instead?”
Huh? It seems the Older Sister doesn’t know Keel’s secret. Well then, I suppose I’d better fill her in. Information should be shared, after all.
“Miss, Keel is a canine-therianthrope who transforms into a pig. Right now, he’s cursed and in the form of a pig.”
“A pig… Keel-kun, I have a bad feeling about this, so please come over here with Luna-chan for a moment.”
“Oink!? Oink-oink-oink! Oink-oink-oink-oink! Oinkyaaaah!”
Keel’s thrashing about for some reason, but the older sister and Luna-chan have taken him away. It seems he’s being examined in another room. After a while, the Older Sister came back looking flustered.
“Naofumi-sama! Keel-kun turned out to be a girl!”
“Is that so? Well, at that age… no, it’s hard to tell the difference in gender just by appearance, but…”
“The Spear Hero called him a pig, so I checked… Don’t you already kind of know, Naofumi-sama?”
“…Well, I suppose so. Let’s confirm it just to be sure.”
My Father is coming over to me, looking rather interested. I wonder what this is about? It’s a little embarrassing that my Father is taking an interest in me. I can’t help but blush.
“Don’t make that gross face! So, Motoyasu, are you confident you can spot a pig?”
“Of course I am! After all, there are plenty of pigs in this world.”
“So Elena was a pig, was she?”
“That’s right.”
“And you’re saying Keel is a pig now, too?”
“That’s right.”
……For some reason, my Father leads me outside and points at Zeltoble’s shop. Then he points at a male merchant.
“What about that one?”
“That’s a human.”
Next, he points at a pig walking by with a basket on its head.
“What about that one?”
“That’s a pig.”
Then he pointed at a Demi-Human adventurer.
“What’s that?”
“That’s a Demi-Human.”
He pointed at a pig wearing a wizard-like outfit standing behind them.
“Is that one a pig?”
“Yes, it is.”
And then he pointed at the therianthrope walking at the front of the group. Come to think of it, Zeltoble is a melting pot of races, isn’t it?
“That’s a Therianthrope, isn’t it?”
And finally, I pointed at Lady Filolial. It’s Plum-chan, eating Bio-Plant fruit to her heart’s content.
“That’s Plum-chan, isn’t it?”
“Hmm… I get the general idea now. I’d always thought it was weird that they kept calling her a pig… I don’t know if it’s a bad connection, some kind of curse, or the price of the loop…”
“What do you mean?”
“No… so the reason we can’t communicate is because she’s a pig, right?”
“That’s right.”
“Do you know why I can communicate with Raphtalia and the others?”
My kind Father gave me advice about this during a previous loop. So I decided to say exactly what he told me.
“It’s because they’re related to Filo-tan!”
When I answered so bluntly, my Father let out a deep sigh.
“Elena, make sure to feed Filo well and win her over. Otherwise, you won’t be able to communicate with Motoyasu anymore.”
“Boo…”
“Don’t act like it’s a hassle! And Filo, don’t run away when you hear Motoyasu’s name!”
“Boo!”
I get the feeling my Father is trying to make me see what a Lazy Pig I am. I’m sorry, Father, but I don’t think that’s going to work.
“A pig is a pig. Even if you try to win over Filo-chan, I’ll still be able to smell that filthy pig stench a mile away!”
“Ugh, come on… This is such a hassle.”
“Naofumi-sama, you’re saying the exact same thing as Elena.”
“That’s true… Sigh.”
“Oh my—it’s already so lively this early in the morning.”
It’s getting livelier and livelier, but I feel like the house is starting to get a bit cramped. I think we need to secure a new base of operations quickly. Since we have no choice, perhaps we’ll rent the house of the bandits who dwell in the wilds of Zeltoble for Lady Filolial and the others.
---
And just like that, our life in Zeltoble got off to a smooth start. Father put his business acumen to work and, in no time at all, made a name for himself as a new kind of merchant within Zeltoble. Before we knew it, he’d even made friends with a merchant selling accessories—one who’d have Lady Filolial and the others approaching him with sparkling eyes. It seemed he’d also established a close relationship with the monster merchants. I don’t think it’s been that long since we arrived in Zeltoble, though. As for the problem that followed… well…
“You guys went hunting with Sadeena yesterday, right? Today’s our turn!”
“No way! It’s obviously our turn again today!”
“Oh my…”
The village slaves are showing intense enthusiasm for a hunting trip centered around the Older Sister. What on earth is going on here?
“Everyone, please stop fighting over Older Sister!”
“Stop saying that in a tone that makes it sound like you don’t even mean it.”
“Yes. It’s written all over your face that you’ve always wanted to say that, Sadeena.”
“Even as you say that, Raphtalia-chan, you’re the one who wants to go with Older Sister, aren’t you?”
“Ugh…”
“Booh…”
The reason there’s such a scramble over my Older Sister’s Older Sister is that when we go hunting to level up, the choice is between taking a nice ride on the backs of Filolial and the others, or hunting by the sea with my Older Sister’s Older Sister. Naturally, I’m all for the Filolials. Both mentally and in terms of how fast you level up, the Filolials are definitely the best.
“I hate the Filolials!”
“What exactly do you have against the Filolials!?”
“Of course I do! I’d die if I rode one of those things!”
“I understand how you might feel like you’re going to heaven from the Filolials’ unique ride, but that’s part of the fun!”
“Shut up, Spear Guy!”
By the way, a few days after leveling up, Keel overcame his pig curse and became a dog. As expected, having Older Sister around really speeds up the learning process. Still, he’s a dog with a sharp tongue as always. It’s a pretty harsh thing to say, especially when I’m going out of my way to praise Lord Filolial.
“Keel-kun, rub-rub.”
Seeing Keel like that, Luna took an instant liking to him, and she’s been doting on him every day with great satisfaction. Luna really does love Keel. I remember from my own memories how, back when the village had become peaceful, she used to bury Keel in the feathers on her chest. Only during the coldest part of winter would Keel stick just his face out from under Luna’s chest.
“Whoa! Let go! Luna! Stop rubbing your cheek against me!”
By the way, the reason Keel doesn’t call Luna by her first name is apparently because she joined our group first. Come to think of it, Luna-chan always joined the group after Keel did.
But… while Filo-tan seems to be the “Sakura-chan” type, why doesn’t Luna-chan stand out much in that regard? Is it some kind of innate quality? Come to think of it, there was even a time she was playfully teasing a Mole, calling it cute.
At most, the difference between this version of Luna-chan and the Luna-chans we’ve seen so far is… that, aside from the very first one, she didn’t seem to be having much fun. Even that gap is starting to close now that she’s seen Keel in his dog form. I’ll think about asking my Father for advice next time.
“Call me Luna-chan… Keel-kun, you’re cute.”
“I’m not cute! I’m cool!”
“I love you, Keel-kun.”
“Whoa! S-someone, help me!”
Oh… Keel’s being hugged by Luna-chan and getting buried under her. Those days when Luna-chan looked a little unsatisfied are long gone. But… really, Luna-chan and Keel look so picture-perfect together.
Come to think of it, I remember there were people who swore allegiance to Keel in the same way as Filo-tan’s personal guard. In the world after the “Wave” ended, Filo-tan was active as an Idol all over the place, but Keel was competing against her as her Rival. Luna-chan must have been one of the early members of the Keel faction. It’s a very faint memory, but I recall hearing about one of their meetings and it caused a bit of a stir.
If I recall correctly, the official topic was… “Who would be the best match for Keel?” I believe. I’ve heard there were quite a few factions within Keel’s personal guard regarding this. The reason this topic came up was quite memorable. Apparently, it all started with the idea that “Keel’s child would surely be cute too. So, what should we do?”
When Itsuki heard this story, he said, “If an Idol had a lover, the fans would probably get upset, but Keel’s fans are actually hoping she’ll find a lover. Is this just how things are perceived in another world?” Without missing a beat, Ren looked at me and the members of Filo-chan’s personal guard, shook his head, and said, “That’s specific to Keel, so you shouldn’t take it as a reference.” But what did he mean by that?
I got sidetracked there. Let’s talk about Keel’s potential spouses.
There were two candidates, weren’t there? The Father and the Tiger Man. Apparently, it’s not just that having a child with the Father would lend prestige—it also stems from the characteristics of past Shield Heroes, who, even as half-breeds, tend to inherit strong features of Demi-Humans and Therianthropes. In other words, if the child were with her Father, their dog form would surely be the same… The faction that honestly believed there might be more Keels was the one pushing for Father. It’s a very rude faction.
Next, Torao’s faction… This faction was discussed simply based on the hope that a child resembling a tiger version of Keel might be born. While Keel’s affection for Torao was part of the reason, they were likely hoping for a cat-like tiger rather than a dog. It seems the possibility of having a child resembling Keel even if the plan failed was also a selling point.
The possibility of a dog like Torao being born was completely disregarded. Is Keel’s bloodline really that strong? That guardian of the crepe tree being Filo-tan’s Rival as an Idol… I won’t accept that!
That said, since Filo-tan and Keel got along well, I don’t dislike Keel. After all, Keel is just the opening act for Filo-tan to shine. With Filo-tan, the eternal angel, and Keel, who’s bound to fade with time, the outcome is a foregone conclusion.
Oh, right—I seem to recall there was a tiny faction rooting for Ren… but you can just ignore such a small group! As for Luna-chan, she belonged to the “spectator faction”—the group that adores Keel no matter who he ends up with.
As expected of Luna-chan, the true embodiment of Filolial. It just goes to show she understands where true love lies. My heart feels cleansed by Luna-chan’s spirit, overflowing with universal love.
Chapter 850 - Seven All [2017/11/14 10:00]
“You guys, it’s obvious just by looking that the Filolial rides rough. But that’s a problem you can’t avoid if you’re going to be traveling merchants.”
“Whoa—I know that’s true, but… big bro.”
After getting a scolding from my father, the villagers—including Keel—start protesting. Keel is protesting while struggling not to get buried under Luna-chan… he’s quite the tough one, isn’t he?
“That goes for Raphtalia, too. You know that running away now won’t solve anything, right?”
“I know, but…”
“Can’t we make it work with what Big Brother, Sadeena, and Spear-Brother earn? I mean, does it really cost that much?”
When Keel asks this, my Father lets out a sigh. Oh dear, is that really what he’s saying? Keel is still just a kid, isn’t he?
“First off, there’s your food expenses, the Filolials’ food expenses, plus the cost of your equipment, living expenses in Zeltoble, and future Class Up fees. Even with the assets I’m managing and everything else, we’re already barely scraping by. To be honest, with just our earnings, who knows when we’ll go bankrupt?”
Isn’t this something Keel and the others are very unlikely to understand? I think that’s a rather unusual way of putting it for Father.
“And another thing. It’s not good to depend on us for everything. You guys know that much, right?　Do you plan to live comfortably off our earnings even after we return to the village? Think of this as a dress rehearsal for rebuilding the village.”
“Ugh…”
The villagers all fell silent. That’s right. I think this is something Father has always said. He’s encouraging us to be self-reliant so we don’t become dependent.
It’s true that I’ve experienced countless loops—including the world my Father saved in the first one—so objectively speaking, I’m pretty strong. But this world isn’t so forgiving that I can save it all by myself. Above all, my Father is the Shield Hero. It wouldn’t even be possible without allies.
“Let me say this up front: I won’t recognize anyone who lives solely to make money at the Zeltoble Colosseum as self-reliant. It’s obvious that such a lifestyle is bound to collapse eventually.”
“Naofumi-chan says that just fighting and destroying things won’t lead to anything good. It’ll be tough, but let’s all do our best, okay?”
As expected of my Father—he speaks wisely. Indeed, those who can do nothing but kill and destroy will meet a fate befitting them. It might be a difficult concept for Keel and the others, living in this era of strife known as “The Waves,” but when the age of peace eventually arrives, they’ll find themselves in trouble. It means that when the era of peace arrives, we must become the kind of people who can create something.
“……”
Huh? For some reason, I feel like everyone’s looking at me, but I’m sure it’s just my imagination. I’m The Love Hunter, after all. I work hard every day to win Filo-tan’s heart. It’s true that I show no mercy to my enemies, but that’s all for the sake of peace—to protect everyone. Even I, in a peaceful world, would be cheering at Filo-tan’s concerts day in and day out, and working my tail off just to attend them. I know it’s a future you can’t even imagine right now, but once peace comes, that kind of happy world awaits us. When that world comes to pass, we must not allow a situation to arise where killing is the only option.
“Ugh…”
“Well, I’ll prescribe you some strong motion sickness medicine, so get used to it. Elena seems to be used to riding in carriages—she doesn’t get too sick—so I guess it’ll work out.”
“Boo…”
Lazy Pig… What on earth do you think you’re so proud of for something this trivial! Not getting motion sickness from Filolial’s bumpy ride isn’t something to brag about!
“Keel, it’s okay. Luna will help you so you can handle anything.”
“It’s all Luna-chan’s fault I can’t physically move a muscle right now! Hey—Luna-chan, where are you taking me!?”
Luna-chan struts along, wrapping Keel in feathers and leading him away.
“Someone! Help meeeee! Woof woof!”
Keel is yelping about something, but does he really intend to dismiss Luna-chan’s hard work? Luna-chan is sure to make you exceptionally strong. I’d love to get a special lesson from Filo-tan tooooooo!
“Sigh… After Motoyasu, now I have to take care of these brats. I wonder why I even came to this other world.”
With a sigh like that, my Father muttered to himself as he headed off to his business meeting for the day. Just like in the first world, that’s so typical of him. I’ll follow his example and do my best, too!
“Raphtalia, take Elena and Filo with you to go peddling. Motoyasu, just stay put at the Colosseum as usual.”
“Leave it to me!”
Today, too, I’ll use my spear to paint the Colosseum in Filolial colors. After all, in the Colosseum, I’m the Filolial Mask! I’m a guardian of justice fighting for underprivileged children.
“Raphtalia big sister! Let’s go already! Before the guy with the spear gets here!”
“Hold on a sec, Filo, calm down!”
“Boo…”
Filo-tan sure is full of energy. Her Older Sister’s having a hard time keeping up. Trailing behind the two of them, slow as molasses, was the Lazy Pig.
“As for Sadeena… she worked hard yesterday, so she gets free time. The other Filolials and the slaves still have room to level up, so they’ll be hunting and training to overcome motion sickness.”
“Oh my—well then, I’d love to have a drinking party with Naofumi-chan!”
“…I’ll spend a little time with you once the sun goes down, so don’t go causing too much trouble.”
“Okayy~”
“Alright, that’s all for now!”
So, that means I’m off to fight in the Colosseum again today. It’s quite a hassle to go easy on them, but since it’s my Father’s order, I guess I have no choice. I’ll vent this pent-up frustration during my free time after the Colosseum is over by heading out to hunt via the portal.
---
I’ll use my Cloaking Lance—which I use daily—to hide my form, put on the Filolial Mask crafted from Lady Filolial’s feathers, and that’s my change of clothes complete. I’ll go register for the Colosseum. Well, I’ve already been nominated to participate, so I’m just reporting that I’ve arrived.
Apparently, there’s a steady demand for masked fighters. This tournament is called the Masked Colosseum, and since the prize money is high, my Father picked it out. According to my Father, this is a joint exhibition match between the Light Colosseum and the Colosseum of Darkness. He says that if I perform well here, I’ll be granted permission to compete in the Colosseum of Darkness.
By the way, entry into the Dark Colosseum itself is apparently made possible through the Monster Merchant’s connections, but those without a backer use tournaments like this to get noticed by sponsors and the like. Am I, in a sense, a plant? It seems Sakura-chan is actually Filo-tan! HAHAHA!
At the Colosseum, a lot of people wear iron masks and the like. There’s this vibe that not wearing a helmet or mask is something only fools would do. Well, there are some—like pigs and the like—who don’t wear them because they’re just there for the spectacle, and there are also fighters who are expected to transform into Therianthropes and choose not to wear them because they’d get in the way during the transformation.
I don’t see Older Sister wearing that kind of armor, though. I suppose it’s because her streamlined figure makes it hard to put on? Well, Older Sister possesses skills that even I find astonishing, and her technical growth and adaptability are simply monstrous. She’s such a master that if I take things too leisurely, even I’ll fall behind. It would be rude to lump my Older Sister in with the rest of us greenhorns.
Father strictly forbade the use of Skills. Well, he did say it was okay to use them as long as they looked like regular techniques. That said, I haven’t actually encountered anyone yet who’d require me to use Skills.
I’ve completed my registration and am waiting in the waiting room. After waiting a little while, I was called.
“Now then… Mr. Filolial Mask.”
“Yes, sir.”
Led by an attendant, I’m heading out to the arena again today. That alone sparked a wave of cheers.
“…The solitary bird who loves Filolial and embodies Filolial! Filolial Maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaskuuuuuuuuuuu!”
A shout so refreshing it’s almost invigorating echoes through the Colosseum. At the same time, I can hear the sound of a bell ringing. Well, I can’t quite become Filolial-sama myself, but as The Love Hunter, I must face my opponent head-on.
Wooooo! I raise both hands and roar, ready to show everyone my victory once again today.
“Guaaaaaa!”
I’m imitating Filo-tan’s cry! The crowd is really getting into it. After all, coming from someone like me, it’s just a poor imitation of an angel’s beautiful voice, but I guess it’s having some effect.
“Hmph. So you’re my first-round opponent. Sorry, but you’re getting knocked out.”
Before the cheers died down, my opponent emerged from the dressing room and stood before me. You should try to blend in a little better with the atmosphere here.
So… what do we have here? A bandana-wearing guy with a butterfly mask. I can tell he’s wearing leather armor that looks like an afterthought. It doesn’t fit him very well, so you can spot it at a glance.
He’s dressed a bit out of place, and he’s a face you don’t usually see among the regulars at the Colosseum. To participate out of the blue with no track record—he must have pulled some strings to get in. He might even be someone with connections to merchants or the like.
Well, this is Zeltoble, the land of merchants and mercenaries. According to my Father, it’s a country where almost anything is possible if you pay enough, so there’s no point in wondering about it. As the Filolial Mask, I’ll simply eliminate every enemy that steps onto the stage.
“But… ‘Filolial Mask’… are you making donations to an orphanage or something?”
“I won’t deny it.”
The people from Father’s village are like orphans who suffered from the tsunami, and the building we’re protecting is indeed something like an orphanage. In other words, Filolial Mask fights for the underprivileged.
“Hah… I’m not in the mood for this tear-jerking act. I’ve got my own business to attend to, after all.”
“That’s exactly what I’d say. You’re going to be the one I defeat to advance my career.”
I’m drawing my spear. By the way, what’s this guy’s stage name? The referee’s holding a cheat sheet.
“Unknown for now, but soon the whole world won’t be able to take their eyes off his exploits! The rookie everyone’s watching! Seven-oooooooooolllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll Well, I’ve faced so many guys spouting lines like this that I don’t even need to remember it. I’ll take him down easily today, too.
“‘Boo-boo-boo!’”
It seems like a group of people in the stands—presumably this opponent’s cheering squad—are shouting. But they’re nothing but a bunch of pigs. The fact that he’s got an audience from the start suggests he’s got some potential, but with only pigs in the crowd, you can tell how limited that potential is.
“And nowwwwwwwwwwwwwww! Let’s biiiiiiiiiiiiiggin’!”
The Last Judgment’s voice rings out simultaneously with the bell signaling the start of the match. Seven-All—or whatever his name is—is wielding what looks like a sword. From the looks of it, it seems to be quite a fine weapon. Judging by its shape, I’d say it’s a sword of dragon origin. It might be quite difficult to get one of those even in this country.
“Well, since it’s the first match… drop dead right away.”
Seven-All crouched low and charged straight at me. Hmm… that’s quite the speed and lunge. Among those I’ve fought in the Colosseum so far, his speed ranks among the top few.
“Whoa!”
However, everything about him—from his experience to his movements—is still quite immature. His movements are so predictably linear that I can’t help but be taken aback. That might work against monsters or bandits of that caliber, but with skills like that, he won’t even be able to land a hit on me.
“What!? You’re keeping up with my movements—”
“You’re too slow.”
I swoop around behind him, wedge the tip of my spear into a gap in his leather armor, and slam him into the ground with a spinning motion.
“Ugh—!?”
Ah, combined with his own momentum, I must’ve slammed him down with quite a bit of force. With a thud that made the ground rumble, the opponent sank into the ground. Hmm, if I trust my instincts, he still seems able to move. Did I go easy on him? Just to be safe, I slammed him down one more time.
“Guh—!?”
I quickly yanked the spearhead out and tossed it aside. He’s twitching a bit, but he’s not moving. What a truly pathetic sight. The Last Judgment came over immediately and began checking on the opponent. Then he crossed his arms.
“Seven All—the match is deemed unfit to continue! The winner! Filolial Maaaaaaaskkkkkkkkkk!”
Without a moment’s delay, here comes the victory pose. The pose of the raging Lord Filolial!
“It’s Guaaaaaaaaaaa!”
“Wooooohhhhhhh!”
The Filolial Mask is the best! Well, it’s only the first round, after all. Things like this happen.
“‘Bubububu!? Bub! Bubububu!’”
Some pig who was cheering for “Seven All” or whatever is yelling, but I don’t care. This is the Colosseum. The victor claims glory, and the loser falls.
Since the next match is coming up, Seven All was carried off on a stretcher. I’m heading back to the dressing room to take a break, too. This downtime is a bit of a hassle, but since it pays, I guess I have to put up with it.
Plus, my Father said that if I win this tournament, I’ll be allowed to buy an extra Filolial as a reward. That really gets me fired up. By the way, the last time I asked for an accessory made from Filolial’s feathers as a reward, I got too carried away and ended up getting scolded by my Father.
Not long after that, the next match began, and it was time for my match again. The matches are moving along pretty quickly.
Anyway, I won the championship without much trouble.
“It’s Kueeeeeee!” Number of heroines in Seven All: -2
Chapter 851 - The Secret Warrior [2017/11/21 10:00]
So, I won the Colosseum tournament. That means I’ll be getting more Filolial now. Way to go!
As I was thinking that and picking up my prize money—a bag of gold—at the Colosseum reception desk, I noticed someone a little ways behind me, surrounded by pigs… What was his name again? It looked like that weakling from the first round, with his head hanging low.
“Damn… What’s with that guy! There’s gotta be some underhanded debuff affecting this Colosseum.”
“‘Oink oink! Oink oink!’”
“Otherwise, there’s no way I’d lose. Damn it, I have to win here to save that girl. I held back too much so I wouldn’t get caught!”
That’s just the howl of a defeated loser. Not my problem. I’m heading out of the arena to put some distance between myself and those pigs.
“Oink!”
Hm? I thought I saw one of those pigs point at me, but there’s no need to pay them any mind. Still, it’d be a hassle if they followed me. So, as I make my way through the crowd, I’ll use my Cloaking Lance to take off my mask. It’s gotten dirty from sweat, so I’ll have to give it a good wash.
The Filolial Mask is that of a secret warrior. My true identity must not be revealed.
That said… it’s still a bit early to head home. I’ll stop by the Zeltoble Guild. I need to check how much credibility I’ve earned within Zeltoble by winning this tournament and report back to my Father. In Zeltoble, there are various factors that determine one’s standing, including trust, for both adventurers and merchants. With my track record by now, I’d think it’d be a breeze to get a Class Up.
With that in mind, I’ll take a look around the Zeltoble Guild. Hmm? There’s a notice posted on the bulletin board in Melromarc script that reads, “Urgent: Seeking Contact.”
Adventurer Myne, please contact us.
That’s what it says. HAHAHA! There’s no such thing as a Crimson Swine in this world! I don’t know who or where this person is, but they’ll be waiting forever for a reply!
With that thought in mind, I checked the trust I’d built up within the guild, then headed home that day. That night, a drunk woman—Older Sister—got all over my Father, and for some reason, I ended up having to drink with her until I passed out. Even though I have alcohol resistance (Low, Medium, High, Extra High) from the Spear Unlock, I just couldn’t handle it.
“Ugh… I’ve had enough.”
I closed my eyes with a thud, but the world kept spinning in a rainbow of colors, and in that dazzling world, I watched as Filo-tan flew through the air.
“‘Motoyasu! Ahahahaha—’”
“There’s so much Filo-chan…”
“Oh? Motoyasu’s passed out… To shut him up, it’d be quickest to set Sadeena on him and have her finish him off.”
“You shouldn’t make Motoyasu-chan deal with my Older Sister too much, you know. Guh… No matter how strong I get, I’m no match for Older Sister or my Father when it comes to drinking. Someday, I’d like to drink with my Father and the others until the very end. And so, as I watched Filo-tan dance right before my eyes that day, my consciousness began to fade.
---
For the next two or three days, I was a walk-in contestant at the Colosseum of Darkness… I’d been invited as a measure against Colosseum vandals.
“Gah! The Filolial Mask! You again?!”
“That’s exactly what I was going to say.”
Apparently, someone named Seven… Ball or Dragon All—I can’t remember which—is trying to disrupt the Dark Colosseum using underhanded tactics in pursuit of a huge prize. So, I was called in as a bodyguard. If I win, I’ll get a special reward, and it’ll boost my Father’s standing, so there’s no reason not to participate.
It seems this Seven Ball who showed up this time had made it all the way to the Dark Colosseum semifinals. He’s even brought his pig buddy along. It’s a two-on-two match, but I’m competing alone. I can handle these guys all by myself, after all.
“You’ve been showing up day after day! But it won’t be that easy this time!”
Unlike in the beginning, he’s lost his composure. In battle, it’s important to maintain both composure and passion at the same time, you know?
Oh? It looks like a Magic spell that lowers my stats has been cast on me. But something this minor is no problem at all.
“They keep coming at me from every direction. I’m getting pretty sick of your attacks, you know.”
“Oink oink oink!”
Looks like he’s teamed up with that creepy pig in a maid outfit. No matter how many of these guys you bring along, you won’t be able to beat me.
“Bub!”
The pig in the maid costume and Dragonall lunged at me as the bell signaling the start of the match rang. Their movements are a bit sharper than usual. They’re probably under the effect of Support magic.
“Another mindless charge, is it?”
“I don’t think so. Don’t count on that despicable debuff Magic you mess up every time working this time. This time, you’re the one who—”
He’s muttering something about a debuff Magic, but it’s actually me who’s under its effect. But that’s no reason to make a fuss. With practiced ease, I slip behind the maid-costumed pig and the Seven Dragons…
“It’s no use trying to sneak around behind us again!”
Looks like they’ve read my move, so I’ll change course mid-maneuver. I’ll circle around to the front and knock them out with a home run from my spear.
“Oink!?”
“Ughaaaaaa――”
And just as those fools are about to crash into the Wall, I’ll cast Magic on them without hesitation. Ah, I must make sure to cover my tracks so I’m not exposed as the Hero.
“Drifa Rapid Fire”
I’ll cast a spell that fires dozens of rather weak fireballs. It’s actually a low-power attack—not really my style, to be honest.
“Magic of that caliber? We’ll counter it immediately…”
“But it’s already too late.”
“What!? Before Magic even—”
The fireballs are so slow they make me yawn. I’ve even shortened the incantation as much as possible without giving myself away. I’ll outrun those sluggish projectiles and punish these idiots who keep causing trouble day after day without learning their lesson.
“Guaaaaaaaah!”
“Boooooo!”
After giving each of them a thudding jab to the shoulder about twice, I leaped aside. Just as they groaned, the Magic I’d unleashed came in for the follow-up strike.
“Wh—”
“Buhiiii!?”
My “Drifa Rapid Fire” hit the Dragon Pig Maid Team, setting them ablaze and causing an explosion, so I turned my back and struck a victory pose. I took the pose of the raging Lord Filolial, spear raised.
“Guaaaaaa!”
Huh… That was a perfect finish.
“‘Ooooooooooooooooooooh!’”
A wave of applause and cheers erupted in the Darkness Colosseum. At the same time, there was a thud as the Pig Maid Ball Team collapsed. They’re completely unconscious.
By the way, what was this guy’s player name again?　I can’t quite remember. Maybe I should finally learn it. I’ll make sure to remember it when I see him tomorrow.
“The winner is aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Filolial Maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
“Ooooooh!”
“It’s Quay!”
In that instant, I became a hero. The crowd’s reaction made it clear just how much trouble those guys had been causing.
And just like that, I earned another bounty today, and my Father’s standing has risen. By the way, as a mysterious merchant who’d shot to fame overnight in the past few weeks, my Father had begun to command respect in Zeltoble.
It’s not just my record in the Colosseum—he’s been involved in a wide range of ventures, from using Filolial for transportation and managing food distribution through Bioplant, to partnering with a merchant famous for monster trading and accessory crafting, as well as providing medical care and welfare to mercenaries. And yet, he’s reportedly risen to prominence remarkably quickly. There are also signs that the salvage operation of a sunken ship, led by my Older Sister’s Older Sister, is set to be a huge success. It seems he’s almost within reach of securing a free pass to participate in the Class Up program for the Dragon Hourglass class.
To think he’s accomplished all this in less than a month since arriving in Zeltoble… Father is truly remarkable. With these thoughts in mind, I welcome Father back as he returns from a one-night trading expedition in the horse-drawn carriage pulled by Filo-tan.
“Filo-tan! Father!　Welcome back! Oh?"
On Filo-tan’s head, who’s just returned, I spot a familiar, adorable crest. Ooooooh… so this means… that, right?
“Oink… I don’t like it—I look like that guy with the spear.”
“I’ve told you time and again to just put up with it. Motoyasu probably modified that mask based on what you’ll look like in the future, so this was bound to happen.”
“Oink.”
“Oink.”
Don’t go grunting along with that Lazy Pig, Filo-chan. There’s a world of difference between you and Filo-chan, after all. You’d better keep that in mind.
“Sigh… The world is full of mysteries; it’s tough, isn’t it?”
“True. Oh, Motoyasu, is it?”
I stare intently at Filo-tan, but for some reason, she pulls her robe down over her face to hide it. It’s cute to see her acting shy, but I’d like to see more of her.
“I noticed something familiar on Filo-tan’s head a moment ago.”
“Ah… Yesterday, I was camping out between towns. I could’ve had Filo watch the cargo and gone home for a bit, but I figured it wouldn’t hurt to do this once in a while…”
As he said that, my Father told me the story of how he’d encountered a giant Filolial. So it seems he really did run into a giant Filolial-sama.
“Oh, so you met a giant Filolial-sama! I would’ve loved to meet one too.”
“Aren’t you, a Filolial fanatic, the better person for the job?”
“That’s true. But giant Filolial-samas tend to vanish before you even realize it.”
“Knowing you, you’d probably cause some kind of trouble.”
“I seem to recall that during the last loop, you, Father, for some reason put me in a bear hug.”
“Is that so…? It’s a good thing you weren’t there.”
Huh? What does that mean? As I looked at him with a puzzled expression, my Father ignored me and said,
“Well, either way, it’s for the best since it’s further boosted the limits of Filo’s abilities.”
“This time, I’ll definitely manage to outrun that guy with the spear!”
“Well then, Filo-tan! Is it date time again today!?　“Father! When will my tires be finished!?”
“Tires!?”
Filo-chan turned her face toward my father. That’s right. I’d been begging my father to develop tires for Drive Mode. Once the newly developed tires are finished, I’ll show him my Second Mode. I’m sure he’ll be delighted.
“That’s something you’re developing on your own, isn’t it?”
“Filo, you’ve got your work cut out for you.”
“Ugh… Filo wants to go out more.”
“Well, why don’t you come with me?”
“Boo! Don’t come near me!”
Oh, Filo-tan’s running even faster now. I’ll have to keep working harder and harder, too.
“It’s getting dark, you know? Cut the playing short… It’s about time to start preparing dinner.”
“I’ll help.”
“That’s a relief. The slaves who want to cook have already done the prep work. Let’s get cooking.”
That’s how our fun dinner time went.
---
I thought that would be the end of the day, but then, later that night… Just as I was about to head out to visit Lord Filolial and the others in the middle of the night, some people who looked like minions of the Monster Merchant showed up at the house where my Father and the others live.
“What’s going on?”
My Father answered the door. Well, it would probably backfire if I tried to get involved. I leave all business matters like this entirely up to my Father, so it’s best for me to just sit back and relax. With that in mind, I waited until the conversation was over, and then my Father began getting ready to go out.
“What’s going on?”
“Ah, there’s good news and bad news.”
Good news and bad news, you say? What could have happened at this late hour?
“The bad news is that there’s going to be a meeting right now at the Dark Merchants’ Guild in Zeltoble.”
“A meeting at this hour?”
My sister asks my Father. Even in Zeltoble, the city that never sleeps, this certainly isn’t the time for a meeting. Well, maybe that’s exactly why it’s bad news.
“Ah, it’s an emergency. I don’t know what it’s about, though.”
“And what’s the good news?”
“At that meeting, I’ll likely be appointed to a certain position within the Dark Merchants’ Guild. This should free us up to use the Dragon Hourglass.”
Oh! The time has finally come for my Father to be recognized! From now on, Lady Filolial and the others will be able to go hunting without worrying about level caps.
“Oh my—Naofumi-chan, what a huge promotion! Isn’t that happening at an incredible pace?”
“Well, yeah… Anyway, Sadeena. You seem to have a good eye for people, so come with me. Raphtalia, please stay with Elena and keep an eye on Motoyasu, Filo, and the villagers.”
“I’ve been given an incredibly difficult task!　Elena’s always sleeping, isn’t she? She definitely won’t do a thing!”
That’s right. A Lazy Pig is always just being lazy. In that regard, since I and Filo-chan are hard workers, please leave it to us.
“It’ll be fine. I’ll give instructions via the slave mark. I’ll make sure she’s not allowed to sleep until we get back, so just bear with it. If you’re a good girl, I’ll bring you back a souvenir.”
“I’m not a child!”
“All right, all right. Now, Motoyasu.”
For some reason, my Father is pointing right at me.
“Behave yourself. Don’t chase after Filo or sneak into her room until I get back. Just stay put. Got it?”
“Yes, sir!”
Father’s orders are absolute, after all. I, Motoyasu, will make sure to follow them no matter what.
“…Do you really understand? Well, fine.”
And so, Father left with my Older Sister.
The Heroine of Seven All –1
Chapter 852 - Rapid Promotion [2017/11/28 10:00]
After seeing my Father off, I turned my gaze toward Filo-chan. Just then, Filo-chan scampered off into her room.
“Anyone other than the guy with the spear! Let’s sleep with Filo!”
“Boo…”
“Yeah, I guess so.”
Hmph… I have no idea what that Lazy Pig just said. And so, after seeing Father off, we ended up staying home to mind the house.
Since we’re not allowed to go out, there’s not much to do—I’m bored. So I’m setting up a chair in front of the room Filo-chan went into and waiting.
It brings back memories. It reminds me of that night when I first realized Filo-tan’s love for me… that day when I waited with bated breath for my Father and the others to come out.
“Um… Spear Hero, what are you doing?”
My older sister, who’d decided to wait until my Father returned, came over and asked me that. At first, she was doing push-ups and pull-ups… but I guess that training is over now? Lately, it seems she’s been helping my Father with his peddling business, working on things like processing monster materials.
Come to think of it, I’ve heard that when she has some free time during her peddling trips, she’s been doing that sort of work. As for her magic training, that’s also been coming along quite well lately. Father has mastered the script I translated and is starting to get the hang of magic as well. My sister-in-law, thanks to her Older Sister, was able to pick it up quickly.
“I’m standing by so I can protect Filo-tan at any moment.”
The nature of this loop is still shrouded in mystery. You never know when or what might happen.
Oh? I hear some commotion coming from inside the room—is everything all right? I’ve been told not to go in, so I can’t. I got scolded the last time I tried to peek in. My Older Sister is heading into the room. Should I listen in?
“There’s a guy with a spear standing right outside the room!?”
“I’m not going in on Lord Naofumi’s orders… so please be patient.”
“Yaaah!”
“Filo, if you throw too many tantrums, it’ll end badly again. So please stay calm…”
“Ugh…”
I wonder what’s going on? Could it be that? Maybe she’s anxious because her Father isn’t here. But don’t worry. I’ll protect her from any misfortune! Soon, the young lady came out of the room.
“Spear Hero, could you please step away from here?”
“That’s impossible. I’m The Love Hunter, after all. While Father’s away, I have a duty to rush to Filo-tan’s aid whenever she’s in danger.”
“So you’re a hunter in the sense that you’re biding your time…”
Older Sister let out a deep sigh. I’m not quite sure what she means by that. What exactly do you mean by ‘waiting for an opportunity’?
“Please try not to disturb Filo’s peaceful sleep, okay?”
“Of course!”
I’m here to protect Filo-tan—I have no intention of harming her. In fact, it’s no exaggeration to say I’m here to eliminate anything that might harm her. With that, my sister went back inside. Time is ticking away, tick-tock, tick-tock.
Ah… Just knowing I can be near Filo-chan makes this a joyful time. I can’t see Filo-chan, but just imagining what she might be doing inside the room gets my heart racing. Is she sleeping soundly, or is she standing by the window with a melancholy expression, gazing up at the night sky until my Father returns? I won’t know what’s going on inside until I check. Hehe, isn’t that just the way it is?
Such a delightful time passed in the blink of an eye, and just as the morning mist began to drift in… My father and the others returned. They quietly opened the front door and came inside. It’s a considerate gesture my father makes unconsciously toward those still asleep. Being able to show such small acts of thoughtfulness is one of the wonderful things about my father. However, it seems some people—starting with my sister and Lazy Pig—were already awake and waiting.
“I’m home.”
“Welcome back, Naofumi-sama, Sadeena-nee-san.”
“Welcome back, Father.”
I waited until I was sure Father had returned before stepping away from the door to Filo-tan’s room to greet him. By the way, according to the villagers who slept beside her (I’m jealous), it seems Filo-tan was moaning in her sleep. If it was a scary dream, shouldn’t they have woken her up? When I mentioned that later, they replied that even after she woke up, it turned out to be a nightmare. What kind of nightmare was that, anyway? I’ll go kick the cause’s ass!
“Oof.”
The Lazy Pig asks my Father with a yawn. My Father brought a bunch of steamed buns—probably bought at a night market—as a gift and plopped them down on the table with a thud. Looks like one per person, doesn’t it? If I give my share to Filo-chan, will that boost her favorability toward me?
“Ah, it was exactly as I mentioned on the way here. However, the bad news involved a high-profile incident. Zeltoble sure is getting dangerous.”
“What do you mean?”
My Older Sister asks.
“Apparently, a powerful The Slave Trader in Zeltoble—who was a Rival to another The Slave Trader—was found murdered. Since he held considerable power, they’re keeping this under wraps for now and will make it public once the aftermath has been handled.”
That’s what Father said. Apparently, around this evening, a merchant who had built a grand mansion in Zeltoble was found brutally murdered inside his estate. This merchant was said to be extremely cautious, employing dozens of renowned mercenaries as his bodyguards. It seems even those bodyguards met the same fate. Since this incident involved a well-known merchant with a large retinue of guards being brutally murdered by the perpetrator in a short amount of time, it sent shockwaves through the Guild of Darkness, leading to this emergency meeting where information was shared.
“He must have made quite a few enemies, didn’t he?”
“Boo.”
“Well… I’ve heard the rumors too, and they’re not exactly flattering. Still, they say he was straightforward when it came to money and had a fair amount of generosity.”
“That’s only natural. Without that kind of character, he wouldn’t have been the sort of person to command respect in Zeltoble. Anyway, I’ve heard I’ve been chosen to fill his shoes—or rather, to take his vacant position…”
Oh, what a huge promotion. I suppose that means the “Class Up Festival” will be held as planned.
“I can’t shake the feeling that The Slave Trader, the Jewelry Merchant, and Elena’s family all played a part in this… but I’m not about to pass up the opportunity. Starting tomorrow, I can Class Up as much as I want.”
What a lightning-fast promotion. As expected, my Father is a man who makes a fortune doing business in Zeltoble. I’ll follow him for the rest of my life!
“Anyway, enough about me—let’s get back to the topic at hand. It’s about that murdered merchant—the circumstances are rather puzzling.”
“Puzzling?”
“Yeah. For a murder motivated by a grudge, there’s hardly any sign of animosity in the way he was killed; yet, for a robbery, almost none of the precious metals or money were stolen.”
“So you’re saying it wasn’t a personal vendetta or a robbery—someone just stormed into a mansion guarded by armed mercenaries and killed the merchant?”
“That’s exactly what’s so strange, which is why we held a meeting within the Darkness Guild. There’s a possibility similar crimes could happen again.”
It could happen to any of us tomorrow. So the merchants are living in fear of this mysterious killer, I see. At the very least, as long as they’re operating here in Zeltoble, they’ve inevitably incurred the grudge of someone, to a greater or lesser extent. After all, this is the Darkness Guild we’re talking about.
“According to merchants who know the darkness of the world, the method resembles the way people are killed when rounded up by knightly orders from other nations. I suppose you could call it a ‘routine killing’? But if knights were behind it, we’d know who did it.”
Knights are the state’s lackeys, after all. The moment they get involved, it means all the relevant authorities are already on the case. My father seems to believe there’s no way the Dark Guild wouldn’t have picked up on those movements. Then, for some reason, my father looked at me.
“What is it?”
“Well… Motoyasu is out of the question. He was fooling around around here around the time of the crime, and even if he were the culprit, he wouldn’t kill someone like that.”
That’s right. After all, there’s no reason to kill a merchant. Unless they’d committed some barbaric act—like hurting my Father or Filo-chan during a loop—I wouldn’t go so far as to kill them. Merchants are a valuable resource, second only to bandits in terms of wealth. Killing them would serve no purpose.
Even if I were to kill someone, I wouldn’t leave any evidence behind. I’d either make them vanish with a Brionac or blow them to bits with a Burst Lance. Or I’d annihilate just their souls, leaving them as empty shells. With any of these three methods, there’d be no evidence in the form of a corpse.
“That’s a pretty unpleasant way to be trusted.”
“I’m innocent, you know.”
“I sense madness in the fact that your first words are ‘I’m innocent.’”
My Father and Lazy Pig both let out a sigh. What’s the matter? I’m doing my very best with all my heart and soul! I just want you to understand that much, at least.
“I briefly considered the possibility that Motoyasu might use Skills to create a doppelganger and kill a merchant to further my career…”
“I’ll do it if necessary.”
“Don’t. There’s absolutely no need to resort to such tactics. Once this is all settled, I’ll have unlimited use of the Dragon Hourglass anyway, and making money is just a strategic move for the future. I have no intention of settling at the top of Zeltoble.”
After all, my father is a man whose sole purpose is to save the world from the Waves. I suppose he’s decided that once he can fully utilize the title of “Hero,” his status in Zeltoble will no longer be necessary.
“Speaking of which, can you create a duplicate of yourself?”
“I have no recollection of possessing such skills.”
If I did, I could take down even a strengthened Spirit Tortoise all by myself. Unfortunately, I don’t have those skills.
“Then don’t say it!”
My Father got angry at me. I was just answering honestly.
“I was almost suspected myself, but I managed to cover it up in various ways—after all, there’s no merchant who doesn’t have something up his sleeve. As expected, no one made the mistake of jumping to conclusions without concrete evidence.”
My father flashes an evil grin. He looks like he’s having a lot of fun. My sister looks worried.
“Um… so, Naofumi-sama, is there something in particular that’s bothering you?”
“Well, yes. Judging by this modus operandi, it feels similar to the tree Itsuki was talking about. Motoyasu, does this ring a bell?”
Asked by my Father, I think back over my memories so far. Itsuki loves heroes, after all. It’s not entirely impossible that he’d use a method like this—killing unscrupulous merchants in secret. He later told us himself that in the first world and in the loops where we weren’t part of his group, he went around taking down corrupt nobles. But…
“If Itsuuki were around, I think he’d use his authority as a hero to arrest merchants who were up to no good, don’t you think? ‘Actually, I was a hero all along!’—that’s Itsuuki’s style, after all.”
“I see…”
I think that method is far too cruel for Itsuki. He’s a kid who loves justice, after all. I can’t imagine him doing anything that would make him look bad to others. Not to sound harsh, but there’s something a bit idealistic about Itsuki’s sense of justice. He’s a self-proclaimed champion of justice who ignores the fact that there are hopelessly evil entities in this world.
“Well, as for the investigation files—or rather, the fact that the slaves, their records, and the contract documents are currently missing—that’s a bit of a cause for concern. But since Sadeena says none of the villagers were involved, I suppose we’ll have to accept that.”
“So, did he kill The Slave Trader and steal the slaves?”
“That’s how it looks. As things stand, it seems the goal was to steal valuable slaves.”
However, it seems there’s little to gain from this. At the very least, it’s hardly worth going so far as to kill a well-known merchant who belongs to the Darkness Guild. In fact, wouldn’t the downsides outweigh the benefits?
“As for the missing slaves, it seems some who were getting what they deserved were being sold as merchandise.”
This is what my father told me. Apparently, a certain spendthrift, fallen noble from a neighboring country of Zeltoble had been living a life of extravagant luxury, using his title, lands, and estate as collateral just to keep up appearances. He was raising money for his debts by imposing heavy taxes on his subjects, but due to factors like the economic downturn, he reportedly became unable to repay his debts. With no other choice, he tried to sell off his subjects, but the subjects reported him to the national auditors, exposing his crimes. As compensation, The Slave Trader took them away to settle the debt.
“Well, an arrest warrant has been issued for that fellow. Apparently, because of his ties to The Slave Trader, he’ll have to work off the debt. It also seems that female slaves, in particular, are disappearing at an alarming rate.”
“What about the male slaves?”
“Since they were used as bodyguards, they were all wiped out.”
Hmm… This is a rather fishy case. It’s the kind of story that’s bound to become gossip.
“…If you’re doing business in Zeltoble, a scoundrel like that might show up, so just be extra careful. As for the culprit, an independent investigation is already underway, so they’ll likely be identified soon.”
“Got it. Filo, Keel, and I will do our best to protect ourselves—not just from the waves, but from anything else as well.”
“That’s good. I’ve made quite a bit of money myself. I’ll devote the rest of this period to leveling up.”
So, the matter of my Father’s promotion in Zeltoble has been pretty much settled. Now that we can do Class Up, the focus will shift to strengthening our characters. It feels like my spear is finally going to blaze with Fire to raise everyone’s levels.
Number of heroines in Seven All +4
Chapter 853 - New Resources [2017/12/05 10:00]
Still, it’s amazing how much we managed to earn in such a short time. With the costs of rescuing the villagers and adding Filolial, our expenses must have been quite high. Of course, I contributed through hunting and the Colosseum, but my share was negligible. Come to think of it, this is the first time I’ve ever made this much money in Zeltoble. It might be a good idea to ask my Father for some advice on this.
“As expected of you, Father. How can I succeed in business like you have?”
In my first world, hunting was my main source of income. But since the amount you could earn from that was limited to an individual level, I pursued other avenues as well. The Filolial Race, for example, was a way to combine business with pleasure.
“It’s a pain to explain. Figure it out yourself.”
“Please, just tell me! I might be able to give you and the others some advice the next time I loop.”
“Tsk…”
Father clicked his tongue in annoyance and began to offer his advice.
“Well… ideally, you shouldn’t make enemies.”
“Enemies? Shouldn’t I just kill those guys with my spear?”
“…Raphtalia, can we wrap this up now?”
“It seems like this might help us when we loop again, after all…”
My father and the others look terribly reluctant. I know I’m the reason for that, but I don’t really understand what he means by “don’t make enemies.”
“To put it simply, don’t cause a ruckus.”
Don’t cause a ruckus, is that it? Basically, I make a living by hunting and running rampant through mountains and forests to level up my Father and the others. But in this case, it’s more of a business matter, isn’t it? When it comes to “the scene” in business, I suppose that means places like markets. As I was furrowing my brow in confusion, my Father continued.
“It’s the act of selling items far below market price. Sure, it sells fast, and it’s not a bad tactic when you need cash right away, but if you do it habitually, that price becomes the norm. When that happens, the people who’ve been selling that item all along are the ones who suffer.”
I see. Now that you put it that way, even I get it. For example, let’s say I come back from a hunt with a large amount of supplies. If I keep selling them at a low price, it’ll cut into the profits of those who deal in the same goods. As a result, I’ll end up on the merchants’ bad side.
“But with my abilities, my only connection to merchants is selling the things I get from hunting, isn’t it?”
“Then you should focus on selling items that aren’t traded very often. You can handle that, right?”
Oh, so that’s what they call “rarity value.” It’s true—it’s easy for me to get rare materials from powerful monsters. If I sell those materials, I won’t make any enemies.
So that’s how the peddling that Father did in the first world and during previous loops worked! Back when Father was peddling, he’d sometimes go sell items like potions to places where they were in short supply—but that wasn’t about taking resources away; it was about filling a shortage and earning money in the process. This way, I can do business without making enemies.
“…Ha! Come to think of it, my Father in the first world made money by promoting Filo-tan and Keel as Idols!”
He produced massive quantities of all kinds of merchandise and made a fortune. Of course, I was collecting Filo-tan merchandise myself! I had everything—not just the standard merchandise, but every single seasonal limited-edition item as well! I was even planning to build a Filo-tan Memorial Hall someday!
Anyway, that must have been a rare business venture even in that world. You can’t just raid a market that didn’t exist to begin with. In other words, it meant expanding markets that either didn’t exist before or were very small.
“An idol business, huh? It’s not a bad idea if there’s no competition… but if we—who are hiding in Zeltoble—do something like that, it’s practically like asking Melromarc and the Three Heroes Sect to come find us.”
Ugh… These guys are going to get in our way no matter what. I wanted to see Filo-tan in all her glory, but it seems I’ll have to take care of those guys first. After all, the “Filo-tan Idol Project” is something for after the world has achieved peace. I’ll just have to be patient for now, trusting that the day will come when I can see her again.
“So? Are you satisfied now?”
I’ll take Father’s advice and put it together in my head. I suppose it means: don’t take from existing resources; create new ones. With new resources, we can’t take from those who’ve been earning money up until now. In fact, just like the villagers, we could even provide jobs to those who’ve been left out.
“Well, that approach is only for those who want to climb the ranks. Looking at Zeltoble, there’s also a way to make money by making enemies. But that’s too much trouble—there’s no point in us doing it.”
“Even if there are enemies, I’ll take them down. So how about we earn more money and summon Filolial?”
“Listen… we’ve got plenty of enemies already. With the kingdom and religious groups against us, what good would it do to turn the merchants against us too?”
Hmm, I thought it was a good idea, but it seems like a no-go. Still, I’ve come to realize that when it comes to money, Father is the best.
“By the way, Motoyasu, the Melromarc wave is getting quite close. Based on your memory, do you think we can minimize the damage and weather it using Ren and Itsuki?”
My father asks me while looking at my sister.
“Since we haven’t been able to share the methods for strengthening ourselves, I don’t think it’s possible. In fact, in the first world, Ren, Itsuki, and I—including myself—all lost to the guy who emerged from the wave.”
It’s not hard to imagine what would have happened if my Father hadn’t rushed to the scene. We would have definitely died. That’s the price we pay for treating it like a game.
“In that case, if Motoyasu’s loop conditions were to continue as is, a loop might very well occur.”
My father clicked his tongue. It’s certainly a hassle to go save Ren and Itsuki. Above all, saving those people from Melromarc would be a real pain for my Father right now.
“I was originally planning to participate, though. If that’s the case, what should I do…”
Since I’m already registered as Zeltoble, I can’t join the Melromarc wave as things stand. Well, since we know the location, I can teleport there if I register in advance. But I suppose my Father is worried that I won’t be able to get there at the exact right time.
“I’ll go to Melromarc in stealth mode and register myself!”
“…Well, I suppose that makes sense. So, Motoyasu, make sure you register properly when the time gets closer.”
“Leave it to me!”
“As for the rest… I don’t know how things will turn out, but I guess all we can do is wait for the Queen of Melromarc to return and for the matter to be resolved.”
“This time, I can only pray that things turn out just as the Spear Hero said they would.”
“Ah… you’re right. Well, to be honest, I’m sleepy. Let’s get some rest before we get started.”
Hearing Father’s words as he yawned, we decided to get a good night’s rest.
---
From then on, we thoroughly prepared ourselves for the coming wave. My father taught me everything I knew about enhancing weapons, and we learned techniques for controlling Ki and other skills; furthermore, we practiced Magic, and even my Older Sister took the lead in training sessions to improve the villagers’ skills. Of course, using the vast amount of money that Father had earned in such a short time, we continued to track down and purchase supplies for the villagers.
And those with the means went on trading expeditions with Lord Filolial to expand our trade routes. And so… the time leading up to the Wave passed in the blink of an eye. Ah, of course, the Wave that occurred in Zeltoble has already been resolved.
There are now 15 minutes remaining until the Wave in Melromarc. My father and the others are finalizing preparations and confirming the chain of command. They’re organizing the squads with practiced ease.
I’m the leader. Otherwise, we wouldn’t be able to fly properly during the Wave. And my father is overseeing the chain of command. We’re not hiring any mercenaries from Zeltoble or anything like that.
“The wave that’s about to hit will be a chance for you lot to redeem yourselves. But what’s more important—quelling the wave? Or taking revenge on the monsters that emerge from it?”
Father is addressing the villagers as if giving a speech.
“No. The most important thing is to fight in a way that prevents others from suffering the same misfortune as you. You might think, ‘Do we really need to protect those people from Melromarc who did nothing for us?’ But don’t be mistaken.”
The villagers are listening intently to Father’s words. As expected of my Father. It’s no wonder he used to be part of the leadership of a major guild. Even though he’s stuck in a loop, he is, after all, the Shield Hero who saved the world!
“Think of this as a practical training exercise—one that includes actual combat—to see if you can protect yourselves and prevent casualties. Make sure you verify for yourselves that you’re truly capable of defending yourselves!”
“‘Ooh!’”
“I’ll do my best! Woof woof!”
“If Keel-kun’s going to do his best, Luna will too.”
Morale is definitely high. According to my Father’s plan, we won’t be taking the approach of going first to quell the waves just to give the villagers some experience. That said, we won’t be taking it easy either—the plan is for us to quell the waves within about fifteen minutes of the start, then let the villagers handle the remaining monsters so we can protect the people. It’s not just about defeating monsters and enemies and then pulling out immediately; apparently, it’s a strategy to make a strong impression on those around us that we’ve truly made a difference, thereby shaking up the Three Heroes Sect of Melromarc and the Trash.
“Boo…”
“Elena, please don’t say you want to stay behind. This is your homeland, after all.”
“Hmph… I am a Lazy Pig, after all.”
I suppose a pig is just a pig, no matter what. In response to my taunt, the Lazy Pig merely glanced my way briefly before letting out a sigh. My Father watched this exchange with furrowed brows.
“Speaking of which, Father, how’s the Lazy Pig doing in his peddling business?”
“Hm? Oh, well, to be honest, it’s infuriating, but his results are actually pretty good. I suppose he really is from a merchant family, even if he’s gone to the dogs. Every now and then, he even manages to buy things that can be resold for a high price.”
My father glares at the Lazy Pig. As expected, he’s quite skilled at currying favor for no reason. And to think we could just cull him if he proved useless…
“The downside is that when he’s paired with someone good at negotiating, he just slacks off and does nothing, so it’s hard to gauge his performance. It’s a hassle that it all depends on who he’s teamed up with.”
Oh, it seems my Father is keeping a close eye on his staff’s performance after all.
“I seem to recall reading stories about people who don’t want to stand out, or about slackers who succeed—I suppose that’s how it looks to others. It’s not that they can’t get the job done, but I can’t really trust them.”
My father spat out that career advancement happens only in pragmatic circles—or in fictional stories. The reason is probably that even the Lazy Pigs aren’t seriously committed to the task at hand. And the fact that they actually want it that way is what makes them so infuriating.
But forget about the Lazy Pig—it’s all about Filo-tan. Glancing around, I see Filo-tan in her Filolial form, her robe pulled low over her head, crouching behind my Older Sister and her Older Sister. She must be concentrating hard to battle the waves.
Even stoic little Filo-tan is adorable! She flinches and crouches down even lower, curling up into a ball.
“…I really need to mix up some hair growth potion.”
My Father suddenly started muttering something like that. I wonder what’s going on?
“Or if the Queen doesn’t hurry up and return, I’m nearing my limit.”
He must be referring to the people he’s taking care of.
“It’ll be fine! If it looks like it’s going to take a while, let’s clear out a spot deep in the mountains and turn it into a village. We can do it.”
“No, I don’t want to go through all that trouble.”
Oh? My Father turned me down. Anyway, the time for the wave to hit is drawing near.
“3… 2… 1… here we go!”
At my cue, my Father and the others gripped their weapons tightly and charged toward the wave. With a sharp crack, we leaped to the spot where the wave was forming. It brings back memories. Come to think of it, it’s been quite a while since I’ve leaped like this for the second wave.
“This place… Motoyasu was right after all.”
My father looked around and muttered to himself. The sky looked familiar—it was the second wave I’d eagerly challenged back when I was still a fool. Well then, it’s been a while since I’ve seen Ren and Itsuki. Just as I thought that and looked in the direction where Ren and Itsuki should be...
“Well, well! The missing Shield Hero and Spear Hero have finally made an appearance!”
“‘Boo-boo!’”
“Yes… that’s right. It seems the fake Spear Hero is here as well.”
“What!?”
Guys we’d never expect to run into in a place like this are standing right in front of us. There, instead of Ren and Itsuki, for some reason, Takt’s party, the Three Heroes Sect, and the Pope were all waiting for us.
Chapter 854 - Changes in Conditions [2017/12/12 10:00]
Ren and Itsuki aren’t here—there’s a different group instead. They’re all armed and taking aim at us.
“See? Just as I thought. These guys are all idiots.”
Takt is being unusually provocative. But since I’ve taken him down countless times before, I feel nothing but cool detachment. Specifically, it’s something along the lines of, “Since they’ve come out here so brazenly, I might as well kill them.”
“They’re supposed to be summoned when a wave hits, but they were hiding like idiots.”
Oh my, it seems they think we accidentally appeared in the wave. How foolish. We only joined because there were people in trouble from the wave. Above all, if Ren and Itsuki die, we’ll get stuck in a loop.
“Seriously, it’s a pain that all my enemies are nothing but Trash and idiots.”
It seems Takt really does think that. Well, enemies generally tend to look like fools. Before I realized true love, I, in my foolishness, thought my Father was a complete idiot. For a hero, he buys slaves, goes peddling without even leveling up—it all seemed like nothing but a waste of time. It was the same when I looked at Ren and Itsuki; I secretly looked down on them, thinking they lacked even a shred of efficiency or rationality.
I’m sure, from Takt’s perspective, I must have looked like just another fool who fell into the trap I’d set myself. Back in middle and high school, whenever I defeated an opponent through strategy, I used to think, “How utterly stupid to fall for something so simple.”
But looking back now, that’s nothing more than hindsight. After all, if I’d lost back then, it would have meant I was the fool. To put it bluntly, the winner is smart, and the loser is a fool. No matter how much strategy the loser employs, they’ll just be labeled a fool pretending to be smart.
But in reality, that’s not the case. Every living being is constantly searching for the best move they can conceive.
There may be failures along the way. There may be mistakes. But no one acts with the intention of bringing misfortune upon themselves. That goes for me, my father, Filo-chan, and my older sister—and even Ren and Itsuki, who aren’t here right now.
But pigs, Takt, and reincarnated people are a different story. Those guys are fighting just to make themselves miserable.
…By the way, why aren’t Ren and Itsuki here?
“That’s strange, isn’t it? Where are Ren and Itsuki?”
I couldn’t care less about Takt, who’s getting a little too cocky right now. No matter how much I look around, Ren and Itsuki aren’t here. In almost every loop, Ren and Itsuki were supposed to be here… so what’s going on here?
Sensing something ominous, not only my sisters but also the villagers are maintaining a state of readiness. Rescue was supposed to be the priority, but things have taken a different turn. My father turns his gaze toward me while holding his shield in front of him.
“Motoyasu, weren’t you supposed to meet Ren and Itsuki here?”
“I thought so, but…”
How on earth did I end up running into Takt in a place like this? Well, I had planned to deal with him once the Queen returned, crushed the Three Heroes Sect, proved Father’s innocence, and began developing my Older Sister’s village—but this is the first time I’ve ever seen him here. Takt seems to be in a good mood, doesn’t he? He’s giving me a creepy look. That face of his still makes me want to puke.
“Ah, you guys look like you don’t know who I am.”
“Not at all. You’re not welcome here.”
Takt looks a bit put out by my words, but it’s not like he doesn’t know who I am. He’s one of the top three scumbags on my “must-kill” list, after all. Number one is Crimson Swine, number two is Takt, and number three is Dragon.
Takt’s sporting some kind of smarmy, creepy grin. Should I just make him vanish right now? Just as I’m thinking that, my Father stops me, so I’ll have to hold back just a little longer.
“So? Motoyasu. Who’s this guy waiting outside?”
My Father asked me that. But perhaps in response to those words, Takt started talking.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you for the first time. It would be a pity for me to be killed by some nameless guy like this, and the women around here should know the name of the true hero.”
“Wait, I wasn’t asking you…”
Just as Father said, he’s not worth listening to at all. My inner voice is whispering that it’s fine to just vaporize him without a second thought.
“My name is Takt Alsaholn Faubrey. I am the Seven-Star Hero and Savior who will send you otherworlders—who’ve been getting too cocky and doing as you please—to the afterlife!”
As he said that, Takt swung down—not his claws, but his sword.
“Starkfaar!”
With a loud crack, the ground split open right at my feet, and something began gushing out.
“Motoyasu!”
“Yes!”
It looked like something was about to burst out of the crack, so I slammed my spear into it and then smashed it to pieces with an Air Strike Javelin. That was a pretty flimsy attack. Takt’s attack crumbled easily.
“What!? …Hmph. Looks like a weaker skill than I thought.”
“What the hell are you doing all of a sudden?!”
My father glares at Takt, radiating killing intent. A sneak attack… still a pointless strategy, as always. He must have targeted me because he underestimated me as the Shield Hero, thinking my father-in-law couldn’t attack me.
“It’s just my way of saying hello, isn’t it?”
Just how shameless can he be? I think it’s about time I killed him on the spot, but I’m holding back because Father is stopping me. If he so much as hurts little Filo, I’ll shake off Father’s restraint and kill him in the most gruesome way possible.
“Hey, if you don’t cut it out, my mad dog’s going to do something so terrible it’d be better if he were dead.”
Father glares at Takt with eyes that send chills down my spine—eyes filled with even more murderous intent. Lately, my Father has been using the term “mad dog” a lot, but isn’t he expecting a little too much from Keel? I’ll take him out in a flash—no need to even wait for Keel to show up.
“Ha… well, fine. It wouldn’t be any fun otherwise.”
“I couldn’t care less about what you find fun. But… that sword and those Skills…”
As my Father stares intently at the sword Takt is holding, Takt looks down on us with the expression of a child who’s just gotten a new toy.
“Ah, don’t you get it?”
As if to say, “Figure it out,” Takt proudly flaunts his sword. Immediately, the Pope of the Three Heroes Sect—who was standing there proudly holding a replica weapon—spoke to Takt.
“This is marvelous. A true child of God is here in this very place—one capable of reclaiming the sacred weapon from the false hero who desecrated our faith, and wielding it…”
“I’ve got all kinds of weapons, but when it comes down to it, a sword is the real deal. It’s like it was made just for me. Listen up—I’m going to make sure you all understand that.”
What’s that supposed to mean? I’m not sure why, but I’ve got a really bad feeling about this. Yeah… it’s that feeling that something I’ve always taken for granted has suddenly changed.
“Since I’m the one who can save the world, I’ll take both the Seven Star Weapons and the Holy Weapons… No, that’s not quite right. I’m merely selecting temporary owners so they’ll eventually end up in my hands. So when I encounter the rightful owner, the weapon will end up in that person’s… my hands.”
…What on earth is this guy talking about? Some guy like Takt is the rightful owner? Your abilities are nothing more than a slightly upgraded version of a common thief’s. You’re only good for cleaning up that annoying army of reincarnated folks, yet you’re acting way too high and mighty for no reason.
“Judging by the way you put it… you took it from Ren?”
“He isn’t the Sword Hero. It was just an imposter wielding the real Holy Weapon.”
“Huh? You didn’t actually think the Sword Hero was the only one, did you?”
As if to show off, Takt sheathes his sword and summons a bow. Could it be that even Itsuki had his weapon taken from him?
“Man, that was hilarious. Even though it just ended up in the rightful owner’s hands, those guys were screaming for it back. I taught them the hard way who the rightful owner really is.”
“So you killed them… Ren and Itsuki?”
Takt didn’t deny it; he just wore a proud expression. …Ren and Itsuki are dead? Then why isn’t the loop repeating?
“Motoyasu, if what he says is true, it looks like the conditions have changed.”
My father said in a low voice. A change in conditions. This is exactly what Father was worried about right when we first entered this loop.
“If you don’t want to die, hand over the weapon to me—its rightful owner—right this instant.”
“Don’t be ridiculous.”
Father replied in an annoyed tone. I’m ready to fight at any moment! We should cut this preamble short and kill him right away. But Father is holding up his hand as if to say he won’t allow it just yet. Presumably, it’s to draw information out of Takt.
“Well, I’ve answered your question. If you want to live even a little longer, just confess honestly.”
“Confess, huh. Unfortunately, unlike Ren and Itsuki, I’m not very familiar with this world.”
“It’s no use hiding it! Where did you take Malty, the princess of this country?!”
Saying that, Takt pointed at me and my Father. ……Malty? I feel like I’ve heard that name somewhere before, but who was she again? Oh, you mean the Crimson Swine?
“……”
As I was thinking that, Father gave me a silent look. Well, I guess I have no choice.
“Crimson Swine, is it? That guy isn’t in this world anymore. Hahahahahaha!”
“Wh—you bastard! Don’t you dare joke around like that!”
Takt’s face turned bright red as he yelled at the top of his lungs. It’s not like I was joking—I was just stating the facts, wasn’t I?
“This is no joke. I’m the one who wiped that guy off the face of the earth.”
“Don’t mess with me! Do you really think something like that’s allowed?!”
“It’s not a matter of whether it’s allowed or not. That guy was a menace. Compared to his actions, the misdeeds Ren and Itsuki committed are trivial.”
Takt must have been furious at my reply, because his eyes narrowed, he clenched his teeth, and then he shouted.
“Everyone! We’re going to weaken him to make him spill the real information!”
Oh? Feeling motivated, are you? I, for one, couldn’t wait to finish him off.
“I’ve already conquered this world! We don’t need you ‘people from another world’ here! Just hand over your weapons, spill the information, and get lost!”
HAHAHA. “Conquered”… Takt sure has a way with jokes. And speaking of “people from another world,” aren’t you one yourself?
“Fire!”
With that, he tried to unleash his usual, one-trick-pony All Cannon Fire right at us.
“Shooting Star Shield X! Air Strike Shield X! Second Shield X! You guys! Hide behind me!”
“Yes, sir!”
“What the hell is this!?”
“Boo.”
Starting with Filo-tan, the girls line up behind Father in sync with Takt’s attacks. Immediately afterward, Takt’s All Cannon Fire is fired. The bullets fly off in a whirlwind, but they merely produce a faint spark before being deflected by the shields and barriers Father has raised.
“Motoyasu, you get behind me too—”
I anticipate the bullets’ trajectory and dodge them with the bare minimum of movement. The attack is so slow it makes me yawn. And finally, I dodged it with a graceful backward bridge.
“……”
Father stares at me with a blank expression.
“That’s disgusting!”
Filo-chan spat out, glaring at Takt! That’s right. Takt is certainly a repulsive creature! For the sake of Filo-chan’s mental stability, we should dispose of him as soon as possible. Snapping back to my original stance, I turned to face my Father, hoping to get his permission.
“Wha… You’re just standing there, completely unfazed after taking All Cannon Fire from my companions, who are all at least Lv. 250!?”
“Nonsense… Could the Demon of the Shield and that impostor Spear Hero really possess such power?”
Takt, the Pope of the Three Heroes Sect, and that bunch of pigs are all letting out cries of shock. A puny little shot like that wouldn’t even hurt if it hit me.
“You’d think you’d figure it out just by seeing Motoyasu casually deflect those Skills meant as a greeting.”
That’s right. It’s obvious at a glance that Takt was just testing out a new skill and discarded it as weak. That’s just Takt for you.
“Well then, do you understand the difference in our abilities now? Let’s get back to the conversation. Why are you even here? Depending on the situation, I might tell you the real whereabouts of that Bitch of a princess. In a low voice, my Father explained why he’d asked Takt such a thing. He said it might be a plot point we’d need to watch out for in case we ever end up in a loop again. Indeed, it certainly wouldn’t hurt to know why Takt appears in the waves of Melromarc.
“You coward!”
“Hah… Say whatever you want. So? What’s the deal?”
“D-damn it… It’s obvious, isn’t it! There was a notice from the Adventurers’ Guild, issued by Melromarc, asking for contact with Myne!”　That’s why we figured Malty must have gotten caught up in some kind of incident, so we came to check on her!”
What?! Could it be that the missing person report actually lured Takt here? That Crimson Swine… whether he’s alive or dead, he’s nothing but trouble—alive, he causes trouble; dead, he brings this kind of disaster! Just how much longer does he intend to hold us back before he’s satisfied?!
“Well, at least we got to punish those overconfident heroes along the way—that’s a big win.”
I think you’re the one getting a big head here, don’t you? Anyway… my patience is about to run out. Father must have sensed this too, because he lowered his hand, which had been holding me back.
Chapter 855 - Ball Dragon [2017/12/19 10:00]
“It started with a preemptive strike, and now they’re acting all high and mighty, demanding weapons and whatnot… but the fact that it’s all because of Bitch just makes it even more infuriating.”
My father is pointing at Takt. There’s no doubt he’s giving us the go-ahead. So I’m going to step right up. Takt and the Pope are both in fighting stances. It looks like there are quite a few of their people behind them, too.
Well, I’ve got a pretty good grasp of what needs to be taken care of here. But honestly, Takt’s attitude has me pretty pissed off, so I’m going to make sure he gets what’s coming to him. Otherwise, Ren and Itsuki won’t rest in peace.
“Well then, since I’ve gotten Father’s permission, I suppose I’ll have to take care of you lot.”
“Oink! Oink-hee!”
For some reason, Takt’s pig started squealing and pointing at me right then. What a noisy pig! How dare a pig destined for slaughter point at me?
“What!? That tone, that voice… You! Are you saying you’re Filolial Mask!?”
Oh? Does he know my ring name from Zeltoble? But why would Takt know about Filolial Mask? Just as I was pondering this, my Father spoke up.
“Hey, Filolial Mask. Your true identity’s been exposed.”
That’s strange. The Filolial Mask is a secret warrior. No one should have ever seen my true identity. Soon, memories of my time in Zeltoble raced through my mind, and a certain person came to mind.
“Ah, I see. So Boldragon was actually Takt.”
If I’d killed him back then, things wouldn’t have turned out like this. Now I’ve got a plan for when the loop happens again. All I have to do is take out Takt when he shows up at the Colosseum.
“Do you know something?”
My Father asked me.
“We fought several times at the Zeltoble Coliseum. I never realized it was Takt.”
“Hmm… If he’s the kind of guy who pulls stunts like this, make sure you remember him!”
“Of course.”
This was a huge blunder on my part, Motoyasu. I figured Takt was just doing his own thing around Faubrey, but it turns out he was in a place like that.
“Filolial Mask! What a surprise to run into you here! Don’t get too cocky just because you beat me in Zeltoble! Back then, you were just under the influence of that despicable debuff Magic—if I’d gone all out—”
“Gungnir X!”
Ignoring Takt’s incessant chatter, I’ll blow a hole right through the skull of his dragon—my biggest concern. The dragon’s head was pierced by the spear, its expression still one of utter contempt toward us.
“Wh—!?”
The head of the dragon near Takt flew off; it collapsed, bleeding profusely, and gradually began to return to its true form. All right, then. Now we don’t have to worry about the Dragon King anymore.
“First, let’s say hello. And Takt, no matter how serious you get, you can’t beat me.”
That’s my payback for that sudden attack—which looked like a Curse Skill.
“J-just now…!?”
Takt is speechless, glancing back and forth between the dragon’s corpse and me. Well, since this is a hassle, I’ll just get it over with in one go.
“Who’s getting a little too cocky here? That’s enough of an introduction.”
Placing my hand on my spear, I utter those words for the first time in a long while. Oh? Another phrase has just popped into my mind.
“The Love Hunter commands. Holy Weapons! Servant Weapons! Answer the call of the Love Hunter, break free from the shackles of foolish power, and awaken!”
The sword and bow that had been in Takt’s hands began to glow. Then, about four more began to glow and flew toward us.
“W-what the—!? What’s going on here! Guh… I’m losing my strength! W-what the hell did you do!?”
The Holy Weapons and Seven-Star Weapons detached from Takt’s hands and began to hover around us. Takt always belts out the same line every time, doesn’t he? At this point, Father flashed a wonderful smile that sent shivers down my spine. Things are really heating up. That’s exactly how Father should be.
“‘I merely selected temporary owners so they might eventually find their rightful owners,’ was it…? Isn’t that actually describing you? You, the temporary owner.”
“Y-youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!”
Oh, Takt’s rage is flaring up instantly, like an electric kettle. He’s not scary at all.
“Give it back! You thieving bastards!”
“Aren’t you the one? What do you mean, ‘rightful owner’? ‘Hero of Salvation.’ You were just a despicable bastard who stole a mere weapon, weren’t you?”
“Shut up! I’m the Chosen One!”
“Hah… It doesn’t sound very cool coming from you.”
Honestly, there’s no other way to describe this guy except as a one-trick pony. The Chosen One is your Father, you know. After all, he’s the true hero who saved this world.
“How dare you kill Raildia! And to top it off, stealing my weapon—the rightful owner’s weapon—is unforgivable! Everyone! Let’s slaughter every last one of these bastards!”
Ignoring Takt as he shouts things like that, I’m about to make my move. I grab the Pope—who’s been lurking next to Takt, waiting for an opening to attack—by the collar, hurl him upward, and impale him. It seems Takt and his pig-like minions didn’t even notice I’d gotten close.
“Burst Lance X!”
“Wh-what!? G-God—”
The Pope, impaled on the tip of my spear, exploded into pieces in an instant. That’s one down, then. No, wait—since we’ve already defeated the dragon, that makes two, doesn’t it?
“What a tacky fireworks show.”
Watching the blast from Burst Lance, my Father spat out those words.
“Oh my…”
“Um… we’re a little lost here. What should we do?”
“Don’t make any rash moves. It’ll be hard to protect you. At this rate, if we leave it to Motoyasu, he’ll figure something out.”
“O-okay.”
I quickly put some distance between myself and Takt, then glared at him even more fiercely. I have countless grudges against you, after all. I considered taking him out quickly, but I’d already done something dangerous that could have easily injured Filo-chan. Come to think of it, I’d hurt Filo-chan in the first world, too. I’ll never forgive you.
“W-what… that’s strength truly like a god’s.”
“We’ve been deceived… Oh, God. Please, quell your wrath.”
“Even if the Sword Heroes and Bow Heroes were impostors, the Spear Hero was the real deal.”
“And yet, in a moment of madness, we accepted a demon capable of wielding multiple holy weapons.”
“Please, forgive us.”
The three followers of the Church of the Three Heroes standing behind the Pope clasped their hands together as if in prayer. Too bad—I won’t let that slide. I’ll deal with them later. It all happened in the blink of an eye, and Takt turned to look at me, his face pale.
“I’ve already conquered this world… or have I? That’s supposed to be our line.”
Well, it was my Father who truly saved the world from the Waves, but as someone who fought alongside him, I think I’m entitled to say a little something about it myself.
“What the hell are you talking about!? This strength… surely not—”
“Unfortunately, Takt, you might have an idea of what’s going on, but you’re probably wrong.”
If I recall correctly from what my Father said, this guy is a reincarnated being—a subordinate of the one responsible for the “Wave.” What’s more, they’re a hopeless bunch who kill each other even among their own ranks. I’m not happy about being lumped in with the likes of him.
“Takt, was it? This guy looks like the type who’d be lurking at the summoning site for people from other worlds, waiting for them to appear.”
“That’s right. He makes sure no one stronger than himself can ever come out.”
“And you think that’ll save the world from the Wave? Is it really that simple?”
“It’s not simple at all. In fact, I’ve actually lost to the Wave once myself.”
“With an enemy so powerful that even Motoyasu—who’s this strong—can’t beat them, claiming you’ve already defeated them with something this measly? Don’t make me laugh.”
Oh, my Father is seizing this opportunity to talk to me. He’s taking a dig at Takt! This is my Father’s style of provocation. You can tell just how effective it is by looking at Takt’s face.
“Y-youuuuuuuuuuuuuuu! Don’t get too cockyyyyyyyyyyyyy!”
“You’ve been saying nothing but that for a while now.”
“Boo-boo-boo!”
“Give it back! That belongs to Takt!”
“It’s disgusting that you’re bringing a Filolial along! I’ll never forgive you! You thief!”
“Ha… I’ve got all the information I need now. I’m sick of talking. Motoyasu, do it.”
My father turned to me, gave a thumbs-up near his neck, and cut the connection. So, the go-ahead has finally come. Time for the cull, then. Ah, I’ve just come up with a bit of good irony to offer as a final tribute.
“Well then, Takt, if you want a holy weapon that badly, I’ll give you my spear.”
“Huh?”
“You’d better catch it properly, or things will get ugly. Now, catch it!”
Not only is that noisy pig a nuisance, but the very existence of Takt’s entourage is a scourge on the world. Above all, a disturbance has been caused, so I need to wrap this up quickly.
“Air Strike Javelin V!”
I fired an Air Strike Javelin—with a bit less power than usual—straight at Takt.
“Whoa—”
Takt dodged it by shifting his body just slightly. Well, since I fired it in a straight line, I suppose it’s no wonder he could dodge it. However, the Air Strike Javelin I fired continued flying in a straight line, and because Takt dodged, it hit the maid pig behind him and pierced right through her.
“Buh—”
“Huh…?”
With a look of utter shock, Takt looked at the maid pig that had been pierced right through, then turned to look at me.
“See? This is what happens when you don’t grab onto something.”
According to what my Father told me, back in the first world, Takt also dodged attacks that ended up hitting his allies. To dodge here of all places… isn’t he a bit of an idiot? Sure, dodging means zero damage, but that’s only when there’s nothing behind you. If it’s something important, you should be able to protect it even at the cost of your own body. It’s precisely because he can’t do that on the spot that Takt isn’t a hero, I suppose.
“Y-youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu　Aiming Lancer X! Brionac X!”
I’ll target Takt’s henchmen and the Three Heroes Cult members with the widest-range Aiming Lancer I can muster, then unleash a sweeping Brionac to vaporize them all. I’ve already taken care of any dragons that could pose a threat. There’s nothing to worry about.
“Drop dead!”
The spear I threw splits into countless fragments as it flies through the air. I’ve turned Takt’s henchmen and the Three Heroes Cultists into Swiss cheese.
“‘Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!?’”
From there, the Light of Brionac sweeps them all away. Let’s wipe them out without leaving a single speck of dust.
“‘‘‘Buhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!?’’’”
And it even hits Takt himself, who’s been immobilized by the Aiming Lancer. Takt isn’t showing despair or fear… he’s just staring blankly as his comrades vanish into the Light. But next, it’s your turn. I’ll just wrap Takt right up in Brionac. Eventually, perhaps finally realizing he’s in trouble, he starts screaming at the top of his lungs.
“Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa――――…………”
In an instant, Takt, his entourage, and the Three Heroes cultists were all taken care of. Well, since they died in the midst of the Wave, they’ve probably become nourishment for the world. According to what my Father from the First World said, I believe that’s what happens to the souls of those who die in the Wave. In that sense, they were at least somewhat useful.
“That’s about it, I guess.”
“That was insane! The spear guy really is super strong!”
Keel is sharing his thoughts excitedly. That’s right. But the strongest are Father and Filo-tan.
“Keel… seeing that massacre and still being able to say something like that—you’re the one who’s amazing.”
“Huh? Is that a problem?”
My Father says to Keel with a weary expression. Well, it’s certainly exhausting to face Takt. Mentally, mostly, though.
“Um… everyone’s in a celebratory mood, but the waves aren’t over yet, are they?”
“That’s right. Since we’ve already wiped out that bunch of clowns, let’s calm the Wave down!”
“O-oh! But doesn’t this feel a bit like cleanup work?”
Keel replied to Father, tilting his head. HAHAHA. What on earth is he getting the wrong idea about? If anything, Takt is just a bonus—the Wave is the main event.
“I won’t deny it, but that was an irregular situation. I’ll have Motoyasu question them in detail later about what they were, so you guys focus on the Wave.”
“Of course! Everyone! Let’s make sure we don’t cause any casualties!”
“‘Ooh!’”
“We Filolials will do our best not to be outdone by Keel and the gang. If we do, we’ll get a feast today.”
Luna-chan cheers on Lord Filolial in response to Keel’s rallying cry. Hearing this, Lord Filolial and the others suddenly show renewed enthusiasm and raise their voices.
“‘Woo!　Let’s go!”””
Kicking up clouds of dust, the Filolials and Keel’s group raced off to protect the nearby villages and towns. Woahhhhh! Takt kind of brought my spirits down, but I wish I’d run off with them too.
Number of heroines in Seven All – Lots
Chapter 856 - Testimony from a High-Quality Pig [2017/12/22 10:00]
“Well… I guess it’s up to us to calm the source of the waves now.”
My father mutters this in a listless tone as he stares at the crack in the waves.
“I wonder. I can tell something very serious is happening, but I can’t quite figure out what to do.”
“Oh dear… you’re right. I wonder what we should do?”
“We just need to calm the waves immediately.”
“The first thing we need to do is—”
Just as he says that, the Lazy Pig raises its hand and oinks. Lazy Pig, what on earth have you been doing all this time! If you’re no help, I’ll use Magic to turn you into roast pork… or something like that? In that hand, he’s holding something that looks like a vision crystal.
“Oink…”
“Hm? What’s wrong?”
“Oink-oink-oink, oink-oink-oink.”
“Hmm. You’re certainly right.”
“Oink-oink-oink, oink-oink… oink-oink.”
Hey, Lazy Pig. What are you saying to my Father? Soon, Father nodded, furrowing his brow in displeasure at Lazy Pig’s words.
“That’s true. There’s no doubt we should take action sooner rather than later. But… if we do that, it’ll deviate significantly from what Motoyasu told me.”
“Bubub.”
“…I suppose so. Well then, we’ll have to act quickly once the wave is over.”
Ugh… I can’t get a word in edgewise because of this Lazy Pig. I turn my face toward the Older Sister. Then, it seems the kind Older Sister is about to answer me. Just as you’d expect from my Father’s partner and Filo-chan’s Older Sister! I have nothing but words of gratitude!
“Elena said that while it was good we defeated Takt, the one who killed the Hero, if things continue like this, the forces that survived in the rear will catch on to the situation, and there’s no telling what kind of revenge they’ll take on us. And Lord Naofumi nodded in agreement.”
I see. That’s quite thoughtful for a Lazy Pig. It’s true—Takt’s remnants are bound to cause trouble. That’s why we should have eliminated them without letting any escape.
“But I’ve already slaughtered all his henchmen, haven’t I?”
“That’s fine if that’s all there is, but there are surely others out there.”
Oh, Father is scolding me while talking to the Lazy Pig. That’s true… Judging by the previous loop, they’re definitely out there.
“He told us, while showing us the video crystal, that we should take action sooner rather than later. Since the evidence has already been recorded, all that’s left is to show this edited footage to the King of Faubrey—Takt’s homeland and the world’s greatest superpower—and wipe out the members of the Takt faction. That’s when Lord Naofumi agreed, but expressed concern that things might turn out differently from the future described by the Spear Hero.”
Hmm… That Lazy Pig’s underhanded maneuvering is nothing short of divine. When, exactly, did he manage to film that with the video crystal? It’s truly a mystery. Well, if he’s going to serve faithfully under my Father, I suppose I can let it slide.
“Finally, Elena replied with a sigh, ‘Isn’t it a bit late for that now?’ regarding the story of the future she’d heard from the Spear Hero.”
What’s that supposed to mean? Are you saying I’m wrong? For a lazy pig who’s always lying around, you sure have the nerve to say something like that. Just as I was glaring at the Lazy Pig, Father interrupted.
“So, once the wave is over, we’re heading to a place called Faubrey. Too many things have happened, so if we don’t handle this carefully, we could end up wanted all over the world. Before they start fabricating stories about us—true or false—let’s take the initiative and eliminate the negative legacy Takt left behind.”
“Understood!”
“But… if Ren and Itsuki have been killed, I wonder what will happen with the next Wave…”
At that moment, my Father looked at the Seven-Star Weapons, swords, and bows floating around us.
“What should we do about these?”
Well, things will work out as they’re meant to. I’m sure Ren and Itsuki have found closure and are smiling down on us from heaven. Well then, shall we be on our way?
“Servant Weapons. In response to this dire situation, take residence within your new master and become her power!”
No sooner had I said that than the Seven-Star Weapons and the other weapons soared high into the sky and scattered.
“Eek!”
“Wh-what?! Nooo!”
At that moment, a hammer and a claw—both familiar to the Older Sister and Filo-chan—took residence within them. As expected, that claw really suits Filo-chan. The remaining two—a whip and what appeared to be a throwing weapon—floated around in the sky for a while, seemingly unable to find a handle, but eventually flew off.
“Boo.”
“Hmm… I’d heard about the Seven-Star Weapons from Motoyasu. Raphtalia, Filo, the battles ahead are bound to get even tougher. Since it seems you two have been chosen, I expect you to learn how to wield these properly.”
“Y-yes… but I’ve never used a hammer before…”
“Don’t worry, Older Sister knows how to use it, so she’ll teach you.”
Wow, just as I expected from Older Sister. She’s a pro when it comes to combat skills.
“Master, if I master this claw, will I be able to escape from the guy with the spear?”
“…Since they’re weapons of the same type, I suppose it’s not impossible.”
“Then I’ll do my best, Filo!”
“I’m rooting for you!”
“Boo!”
Filo-chan actually responded to my encouragement! That really boosts my motivation.
“Alright, let’s calm this wave down. Raphtalia, Filo—this is your first battle as heroes.”
“Um, I’m even more out of the loop than usual.”
“I’m in the same boat, so don’t worry about it.”
With that, we were able to quickly finish off the second wave. It was a scale that I could have handled on my own to begin with. Well, since we didn’t take our time fighting the wave, I didn’t get a look at the enemy that appears after the Soul Eater.
“Then let’s move on as soon as possible.”
“Before that… I’m pretty sure there’s an old woman in a nearby village who’s an incredible martial artist and served as a mentor to my Father and the others. She’s supposed to be suffering from an illness, so you should use this.”
I handed the Yggdrasil potion from my spear to my Father and, cross-referencing it with my knowledge from past loops, guided him toward the old woman’s house. It seems the village was spared just before the wave struck, thanks to the preventive actions of Keel and the others, as well as Lady Filolial.
Father visited the village, looking worried and asking if there were any victims of the wave. He found the old woman bedridden and prescribed her the medicine. Although the timing was slightly off, it seems she managed to survive. The old woman’s son expressed his gratitude to my Father.
My Father, however, is looking at me with a slightly displeased expression. After finishing his conversation, he came over to me and pointed at the old woman’s house.
“If it was just a matter of giving her medicine, couldn’t Motoyasu have done it?”
“Well, it also serves to subtly convey to the villagers that you are the true identity of the Divine Bird’s Saint, Father.”
“Damn… It’s just unpleasant being put in the spotlight by Motoyasu.”
“I understand how you feel, but all things considered, he did a lot for us over the past month and a half, so let’s just forgive him.”
“It’s not like I’m holding a grudge or anything… but it’s just really unpleasant.”
By the way, Filo-chan seems completely absorbed in mastering how to use her claws. Even after the annihilation, she was still slashing at the air with her claws. It’ll add some color to our lives from now on.
“…Boo.”
“I know. Alright, the early bird catches the worm. There was minimal damage, and we were able to end the wave immediately. Once we all head back, the representative will set out right away.”
“Roger that!”
And so, after finishing our second wave and dropping everyone off at Zeltoble, we headed for Faubrey.
Upon arriving in Faubrey, we headed straight for the castle. Well, it seemed the people in Faubrey were quite perplexed by the current situation as well. After all, several of the church lights—which serve as proof that the Heroes have been summoned and are active—had suddenly gone out. Moreover, if two of the Four Holy Heroes and four of the Seven Star Heroes were to vanish all at once, that would truly be a huge commotion. Well, since two of the Seven Star Heroes’ lights relit, the scale of the confusion seemed to be somewhat less severe.
Amidst all that, it was us who made a sudden triumphant return. We appeared via a portal in front of the castle; I brandished my spear while Father held up his shield as we made contact with the gatekeeper. We then proceeded straight to the reception desk and successfully secured an audience with the Pig King.
“King Faubrey has arrived. The Spear Hero and the Shield Hero—though this is an unexpected visit, the King is said to welcome you both.”
“So, what brings you here today? I’ve heard the King is very interested in the heroes’ business.”
I’d told my father-in-law beforehand what kind of person the Pig King was, so he remained calm. On the other hand, my sister and Filo-chan both furrowed their brows when they saw the Pig King.
“Ah, this guy’s handy for explaining that matter, so please listen to him.”
“Bubububu, oink.”
“Buhuhuhu, hmm…”
“It shouldn’t be a bad deal for you, right? It’s free just to listen, after all.”
After introducing himself as if he were my Father’s assistant—or rather, as a “Lazy Pig”—he activated what appeared to be an edited video crystal. It showed the moment Takt raised his sword and unleashed Skills while spouting cocky lines, as well as his subsequent selfish behavior. What’s more, he’s included footage of the Pope of the Three Heroes Church and his abusive remarks as well. Honestly… I just can’t figure out when on earth Lazy Pig managed to film all this.
The members of Faubrey, who had been on high alert ever since Takt—the Whip Hero—disappeared, along with Ren and Itsuki at the same time, were viewing the footage presented by the Lazy Pig with a look of skepticism.
“Your Majesty! You must not lend an ear to such nonsense. One might even wonder if they are the true Heroes…”
It was a group of ministers—presumably from the Takt faction—who butted in at that point. They were desperately pointing at us, shouting things like, “These are the ones who killed the hero!” and making all sorts of baseless accusations, but the Pig King is quite sensitive to such matters.
“Buhahaha… Well then, wouldn’t it be best to hear from Takt himself, the one under suspicion? You say the Four Holy Heroes are telling lies? Well, that is, if Takt is actually still alive.”
Just as he had when we all went to Faubrey in the previous loop, the Pig King—judging that he could discreetly deal with Takt’s remnants—came to our defense. Shortly after that, an audit of Takt was launched under the pretext of a follow-up investigation. The investigation revealed that Takt’s inner workings were completely corrupt. The testimonies from Zeltoble’s Dark Guild and the Merchants’ Guild also served to back this up.
Apparently, it came to light that Takt was the culprit behind a gruesome murder of a merchant that occurred when my Father was promoted to an executive position. Apparently, they had made a deal to rise through the ranks anonymously in Zeltoble’s Colosseum, enter into a contract with the merchant they’d killed, and have the slave transferred to them. However, since I thwarted that scheme and things didn’t go as planned, they selfishly stormed the merchant’s place, killed him, and seized the slave.
According to my father and the merchant in Zeltoble, if he wanted them that badly, he should have just bought them with money… That’s exactly right. Given Takt’s wealth, buying a single slave would have been a piece of cake.
Apparently, Takt is actually quite stingy. What’s more, he apparently avoided using his authority as a hero to forcibly seize them because it would draw too much attention… Did he really think murdering a merchant wouldn’t attract attention? I also can’t fathom why he’d go to the trouble of snatching a filthy pig. If it were my Father, he’d simply reinvest the profits elsewhere. This, too, highlights the difference in business acumen between Takt and my Father.
Incidentally, as if to corroborate the story, it seems they found the “pig”—the daughter of an indebted noble who was a target for capture—inside the airship that had been docked at Melromarc. What’s more, a “stalker pig,” one of Itsuki’s associates, was reportedly captured alive and tortured.
So it seems Takt defaulted on this “debt-ridden aristocrat pig’s” debt. According to this pig’s testimony, she had been planning to undergo plastic surgery and change her name on Takt’s estate later, along with her parents. That dream has been cruelly shattered, and now she’s back in Zeltoble. It’s entirely her own fault.
I digressed a bit there. It seems the one captured alive by Takt was the Stalker Pig. Well, the stalker pig is a high-class pig, even among pigs. He was good enough to catch my attention back in the day, so I suppose he’d caught Takt’s eye as well. Apparently, Takt captured him right after killing Itsuki and tried to win him over by brainwashing him into believing who the true hero was, but the stalker pig didn’t show the slightest sign of cooperating, so they were reportedly considering whether to dispose of him?
Either way, they’re a hopeless bunch. However, the Stalker Pig, having been rescued like this, testified as a living witness that Itsuki had been killed by Takt.
As a result, every faction that defended Takt was wiped out one by one. What’s more, before anyone knew it, all sorts of embellishments had been added to the story, and even my killing of the Crimson Swine in Melromarc ended up being blamed on Takt. It’s also said that regarding the aftermath of the revolution in the neighboring country that Itsuki was involved in, as well as the dragon zombie incident that Ren was involved in, it was made to look as though Takt had killed them both while they were rushing to the scene to re-investigate the cases. It’s a real shame to be so thoroughly exposed as a self-serving schemer. I was struck by how my Father muttered, “The human heart and rumors are terrifying.”
Oh, right—it seems Takt and his group ended up defeating the dragon zombies. So, retrieving our Rival was impossible. Well, there’s no point in expecting someone who isn’t there. After all, we can save the world even without a dragon! HAHAHA
Taking advantage of all this commotion, the Queen of Melromarc returned with her Finacée and succeeded in subduing Trash. Thanks to the added embellishments in the rumors, Trash was reportedly disheartened upon hearing that the Crimson Swine had been killed by Takt. Still, it seems he had enough energy left to blame it all on his Father.
According to the story, while searching for the uncontactable Crimson Swine, he interfered with the guild and was posting appeals on bulletin boards when Takt rushed over. It’s said he planned to secure permission for domestic activities, promote collaboration among heroes, and plot the assassination of his Father on the day of reckoning. To that dejected Trash, the Queen—who knew Crimson Swine well—reportedly said this:
“Malty, who’d grown tired of the Spear Hero and fled, went to Takt, his boyfriend from his student days, and was taken advantage of.”
And she apparently showed the Trash some compromising evidence of Crimson Swine’s lewd behavior from his student days.
In any case, it’s all thanks to the Pope of the Three Heroes Church colluding with Takt. Well, it’s also partly because the faith was already in shambles thanks to Father. I get the feeling Takt was the one who delivered the final blow, though. As a last-ditch excuse, the Pope’s subordinates apparently claimed he was the one who did it all. They supposedly mentioned something about faith in me—the Spear Hero—or something like that? Well, that part doesn’t really matter. The number of heroines in Seven All—just a few left.
Chapter 857 - Second Mode [2017/12/24 10:00]
After returning triumphantly to Melromarc from Faubrey under the pretext of investigating the case, we had an audience with the queen, and my Father’s innocence was officially proven that very same day. It was toward the end of that evening reception.
“Boo! Mer-chan!”
“Hey there, Spear Hero, Filo-chan clearly doesn’t want this. Even if you’re the Spear Hero, I can’t just stand by and watch you chase after someone who’s clearly uncomfortable.”
“Guh… You Finacée! Filo-tan is just playing around, that’s all…!”
I find myself in a heated argument with my Finacée, who has somehow ended up clinging to Filo-chan. How is it that my Finacée can get along with Filo-chan so effortlessly?
Could this be the power of fate? As expected of my Finacée. But I won’t be outdone!
“That Motoyasu is arguing without even laying a hand on her…”
“He called her ‘my Finacée,’ you know.”
“I see. He’s the one with a special bond to Filo, and he knows that if he makes a move, she’ll end up hating him.”
I turned toward the voice and saw my future Father standing there. Well, well, Father, you’ve come at just the right time.
“This is perfect timing. Father, could you please tell my Finacée not to interfere too much with Filo and my romantic moments?”
“Hmm… If I recall correctly, you’re that queen’s daughter—the second princess, right?”
“Uh, yes…”
My father-in-law and my Finacée’s gazes met. Under my father-in-law’s piercing stare, my Finacée’s expression softened slightly. I suspect she feels a sense of guilt over what Crimson Swine did to my father-in-law. It’s incredibly frustrating, but my Finacée is a thoughtful person, after all. To that Finacée, my father said:
“It seems you and Filo get along quite well. Regardless of your status as the Hero, would you mind becoming good friends with her?”
Hearing that, the Finacée looks completely bewildered. W-what does that mean? My father is acting as a bridge between the Finacée and Filo-chan.
“It’s a position where one’s mental fatigue tends to show easily.”
My father gently showed my Finacée what was under Filo-tan’s robe. It’s a veil of seduction, isn’t it? I want to see it too. I want to see it too. I tried desperately to turn my head and neck to catch a glimpse, but my father blocked my view.
“Wait a minute…”
“You know how stress can lead to behavior like this? I’ve tried to support her as much as I could, but there’s just no getting around *that*…”
*That*? What exactly is *that*? If Filo-chan is in danger, I, Motoyasu, will do whatever it takes to resolve this. That’s right. For now, I’ll make some Yggdrasil potion!
“O-okay. If the Shield Hero asks me to, I’ll do what I can… Filo-chan.”
“What?”
“You can’t do things like this anymore.”
What exactly is “this kind of thing”? Ugh… I’m so curious I can’t stand it!
“Ehh, but it feels so good when I do it?”
“Think about it carefully, Filo-chan. Who’s going to pick up the feathers you lose? And sniff them?”
“Huh!? No way! What should I do?”
Pick up the feathers she loses? Don’t worry, Filo-tan. As long as they’re within my line of sight, I’ll be the one collecting all of your shed feathers, Filo-chan, so they’ll never end up in the hands of any suspicious characters.
“First, you’ll have to hold off until they’ve all grown back. After that, you’ll need to be really careful. At the very least, don’t pull them out. You know I’m not saying this because I don’t like you, right?”
“……Yeah.”
Taking her Finacée’s advice to heart, Filo-chan nodded obediently. Soon after, her future Father, who had been watching the scene, spoke to Filo-chan.
“Filo.”
“What?”
“Get along with the Second Princess. If you play your cards right, you might be able to escape from that situation.”
Filo-tan is looking at me. So I’ll give her a beaming smile. Yeah! Yeah!
“Okay! Mel-chan, let’s be friends! Let’s play together!”
“Eek! Wait a minute, Filo-chan!?”
“Dash!”
In the end, Filo-chan went out with my Finacée. I can’t let my Finacée beat me here. I have to earn Filo-chan’s friendship points and win.
“Ah! Please wait for me, Filo-chan!”
“Motoyasu, you still have unfinished business with me!”
Ugh… Father stopped me. Father’s orders are absolute. It’s incredibly painful, but I’ll have to endure it.
“It’s great that my false accusations and all that got cleared up at once… but as a result, the schedule for the waves arriving has sped up tremendously, and now I’m stuck with even more of them.”
“The gaps left by Ren and Itsuki seem pretty big. But with me and Lady Filolial and the others, it’s not impossible!”
After all, there’s no obstacle Father can’t overcome.
“You’re just needlessly optimistic… even though this sounds like a losing battle…”
“The important thing is never to give up on anything.”
“Yeah, yeah. So… Motoyasu, next up is an event on an island called Carmira, and after that, the Spirit Tortoise… We’ll have to minimize the damage and squeeze in the reconstruction of Raphtalia’s village in between…”
“There’s still plenty to do, isn’t there?”
If we could bring the Tiger siblings to Zeltoble before that Trash causes any trouble, maybe we could manage things a bit better? That’s the kind of mindset my Father and the others had as they steadily moved forward, drawing on my knowledge.
As for Carmira Island, needless to say... Since the Spirit Tortoise revives on its own, my Older Sister and I joined forces to sink it the moment it appeared. By this point, creatures like the Phoenix and the Qilin—without Takt—weren’t even a threat anymore. We’ve also more or less finished off the group that seemed to be reincarnated… things are going smoothly indeed.
---
My Older Sister’s village is also in the midst of full-scale reconstruction. It was quite impressive how Keel stood his ground, trying to protect the house where he used to live.
“Keel, that house is beyond repair. It’s not livable, and it’s dangerous. Please understand what Luna is saying.”
Luna-chan is holding Keel—who’s desperately trying to protect the house—and gently admonishing him. How kind of her. Luna-chan has grown into such a kind-hearted child who truly understands other people’s feelings…
“But this house is full of precious memories of my family.”
“…Do you really want to protect this house and live here that much?”
“Yeah!”
“Then I’ll live here with you so nothing happens and you don’t get hurt, Keel. We’ll stay together forever, nestled in Luna’s feathers—”
“Mom! Dad! I won’t forget any of you! This house is important to me, but I’ll tear it down and rebuild it into a new one that can protect everyone!”
Seeing Keel like that, my father grunted in admiration, calling it an amazing feat. “Is that really okay with you?”
“Yes… a dream house filled with all the cute moments of Luna and Keel-kun.”
“That’s not what I meant! Luna really never strays from her path, does she!”
And so, the settlement progressed without a hitch. By the way, it seems Siltvelt was secretly trying to send us some dragons and such, but since there are so many Filolials in the village, it was deemed a potential source of conflict, so they were resold and disposed of.
We don’t need dragons or anything like that!
That said, my Older Sister’s Older Sister might have made some acquaintances, so they might actually come in handy. We’ve managed to keep our distance, so there’s no room for our rivals to muscle in. Staying vigilant is a pain, though.
I hereby propose the “Dragons Are Unnecessary” theory. As for the Trash, once we introduced the Tiger siblings—who’d been healed—to the dejected Trash, they calmed down quite a bit.
---
It happened one day like this.
“Filo-tan! Father! It’s finally complete!”
I decided to immediately show off the finished custom tires to Filo-tan and my Father. I’ve been researching day and night to develop these newly created, custom-made tires, perfectly suited for drive mode! As luck would have it, I’m here with my Father, my sister, Filo-tan, and—though she’s not happy about it—my Finacée.
“Yay! Here they are!”
Philo-tan is trying to hide behind my Finacée. They’re here! It looks like they’re happy about it, which makes me really glad.
“What is it, Motoyasu?”
“I’ve finally finished my special tires!”
“Special, huh? I’m not sure I’m impressed by something that’s just a recreation of rubber tires… though I do see there’s a frame attached.”
“They look a bit like bicycle tires, don’t they?”
In this world, bicycles—popularized by the hero—do exist, mind you. However, since they’re a bit of a hassle to maintain, horse-drawn carriages and the like are more common. I think another reason is that, with the exception of a few countries and regions, there aren’t many paved roads designed for bicycles.
“This is a new-concept part I devised so I can ride in long-distance drive mode.”
By the way, I’ve brought the frame here on my back. At first glance, it probably looks like a chair.
“But before that—are you still going to do that?”
“I thought it would be necessary for long-distance touring with Lady Filolial, not to mention with Filo-tan. Besides, regular drive mode has various drawbacks.”
Since both hands and feet are occupied, it’s difficult to make precise movements. If Filo-tan does something like drifting, I have to turn sharply as well. Plus, since I can only see straight ahead, I can’t fully enjoy the sight of Filo-tan riding with me. That was the biggest drawback we discovered when carrying Filolial in Drive Mode. So, to solve that problem, I’ve prepared this frame and these tires.
The tires are designed to maximize speed while minimizing damage as much as possible. Wooden tires have their limits, you see. Our design philosophy is based on how to maintain Drive Mode for extended periods without breaking anything and how to navigate any rough terrain. That’s why we chose rubber tires—it’s all part of that consideration.
“…… “I don’t think there’s a problem with Drive Mode itself, though.”
“So, what are you going to do with this?”
My Finacée is frowning as she comments on the custom tires and frame. Hahaha! She’s really walking into the Fire, isn’t she? It seems she’s studied Filolial’s preferences a bit, but she’s still got a long way to go.
“Well then, it’s time for the unveiling! Watch this, Filo-tan! Behold my heroic form! Drive Mode: Second! Here we go!”
I leaped high into the air and summoned the Floating Spear—a spear version of the floating shield my Father used to use—and threaded it through the custom tires. Like Ren, I’m not that skilled with this kind of floating gear, but since I’m only giving simple commands this time, it’s no problem. I connected it to the frame and landed on my back. Of course, I’ve also attached spears—which serve as the tire axles—to my feet.
“Whoa…”
“Eek…”
My father, my sister, and my fiancée all gasped in unison. Just as I expected. The reaction’s not half bad.
In other words, by staying in this position, I can keep my eyes on the face of whoever’s riding me. This isn’t like a recumbent bike—as that pig who knows all about bike racing told me.
And by having the rider grip my hands instead of handlebars, I can minimize the risk of them falling off to the absolute minimum. After all, this world has plenty of rough roads. Fall prevention is crucial!
And best of all, it’s a ride where we interlock our fingers! Oh… I’ve got to give myself a big thumbs-up for this idea. I want to hold hands with Filo-tan like lovers!
“Transformation complete! I say.”
“Gyaaaaaaaaaaaah!?”
Filo-tan let out a scream again. She’s got an urge to start running right now, doesn’t she?
“What do you think, Father? This is perfect, isn’t it!”
“So where are you taking Filo… no, is this like a ‘Hi-Ace’ situation?”
“What’s a ‘Hi-Ace’?”
It’s kind of a cool-sounding word. I bet it’s a ‘High Ace.’ Since I’m a high-energy hero, I’m an ace too! I’m ahead of my time! From now on, I’m a Hi-Ace!
“By the way, this is where Filo-tan and my Father will ride.”
I tap my belly a couple of times to make it rumble. Thanks to my now-free hands, I can perform precise maneuvers. By the way, while in Second Mode, I can summon a new spear and advance while defeating enemies ahead! Similarly, I can activate Skills… like using Brionac, for example.
“……”
Before long, my father approached me without saying a word. This means… he’s going to ride me! It’s a truly moving riding scene!
“Here, right here, Father!”
I said that and beckoned to Father. And then—suddenly, he gave the rear wheel a powerful kick.
“Whoa!”
I almost lost my balance and was just about to regain my footing when…
“Shield Prison X!”
Without missing a beat, my Father trapped me—just as I was trying to regain my balance—inside a shield cage. In this position, I can’t move forward or backward!
“Father! What on earth are you doing all of a sudden!?”
I couldn’t hear a response to my voice.
“Hey! Hurry up!”
“But—”
“Just do it already!”
“Yes! If we keep this up, he’s going to start running with *that*!”
My Finacée is yelling something. HAHAHA! I haven’t even done a test run yet.
So that’s it, then. They must have hidden me so they could reveal me to everyone. I’m so excited! Well then, I’m going to make a grand entrance to show everyone!
I tilt my head back… and cast Magic while checking my aim. After all, I trained myself to be able to cast Magic from my hands just for this. Thanks to this, I can now deal with monsters in ways other than just knocking them back. Of course, I can also attach a spear to my thigh and take aim as an “Aiming Lancer.” It’s a combat bike, you know!
“Drifa Rabbit Fire V!”
I’ll fire Magic at the ceiling of the shield cage that Father created… and make a spectacular appearance! I’ll race up the shield cage and escape. Then I’ll land on the ground. And to really amp up the cool factor, I’ll do a wheelie!
“It’s a wheelieeeeeeeeeee!”
…Huh? Aside from my father-in-law and Filo-tan and the others, there’s no audience. Was I a little too early?
“Is this enough for our rehearsal?”
As I looked over at my father-in-law, Filo-tan had transformed into her Filolial form, and my father-in-law was hurriedly climbing onto her back to help my sister get on. To my surprise, my finacée is clinging to the back of Filo-tan’s head. It’s frustrating, but they actually seem to look kind of good together.
“Damn it! She’s already come out!”
“Big Sis!”
“Raphtalia, hurry!”
“Y-yes! Drifa Mirage!”
Huh? As my Older Sister cast Magic, countless versions of Filo-chan—each carrying one of my Fathers—appeared. Woaaaaaaah! It’s paradise! There are so many Filo-chans, wooooooaaah! Even if they’re illusions, there’s no way I can make them disappear!
“Go! Hurry up!”
In unison with Father’s voice, the Filo-chans took off running! W-which one is the real Filo-chan!? While I was trying to decide, the Filo-chans scattered in all directions.
I see—so next, they’ve decided to test Second Mode’s speed! I don’t know which one is the real one, but I’m going after them!
“Vroom, vroom!”
Spinning my tires at high speed, I chase after my Father and the others. Eventually, perhaps because my Older Sister’s Magic wore off, one of the Filo-tans vanished in a flash. So I’m going to rely on her scent to chase after my fathers. And just like that, a game of tag with my fathers began.
“W-what’s that!? The Spear Hero!?”
“Could it be that the Shield Heroes were running away with such fierce expressions!?”
“Oh my… Naofumi-chan and the gang are having quite a bit of fun, aren’t they?”
It seems Keel and my Older Sisters are watching me and cheering me on. So I gave a bright smile and gave them a thumbs-up. That’s a huge difference from my first form, when all I could do was smile! If I want to, I can even drive while eating.
“Hey, Spear Guy. Even if you look all proud, it just makes things harder for us…”
That’s what Keel said, but he walked away before I could even reply. I’ll ask him later exactly what the problem was. For now, my top priority is chasing after Filo-chan and my Father.
After that, Filo-tan and my Father kept running away from me, even using their portal Skills at times to teleport all over the place to evade me. This is… exactly what I’ve been telling everyone—a durability test for Second Mode.
Chapter 858 - The End and To Be Continued [2017/12/26 10:00]
About three days later, Filo-tan and my Father returned to the village. It had been really tough searching for them over those three days. I, for one, had thought it would be easier to find them, but their ability to make a clean getaway was far beyond what I’d imagined.
They were already impressive in the first world, but with their stats, skills, and Magic all enhanced, their ability to escape had improved dramatically. I tracked them down by relying on my years of experience, deducing the locations of the portals that Father possessed, and following their scent.
However, finding them wasn’t the end of it. With my father-in-law’s leadership and Skills, Filo-chan’s speed, my sister’s Illusion Magic, and my Finacée’s wit all working together, they manage to escape in no time.
Still, I won’t give up. I want them to understand just how powerful Second Mode really is.
“Damn it… no matter where I go, you always find me… This is too much of a hassle, I’m done.”
“But, Master—!”
“I’ll try to talk him into it somehow! Otherwise, we’ll be stuck like this forever.”
“I’m getting pretty tired of this, too…”
“Yeah, I’ve had enough.”
My sister and Finacée must be exhausted from this long-distance test run; they’ve climbed down from Filo-chan and are slumped over, completely drained. So this was all part of the training, was it!
“Welcome back, Father.”
With a screech, I brought the car to a stop, drifting slightly sideways as I pulled up next to Filo-chan and the others, and greeted him.
“So, what did you think? My Second Mode?”
“Drop dead. No, never mind… I get that it’s impressive. But Motoyasu, that… Second Mode, or whatever it’s called? I think you should save it for that one crucial moment—like a finishing move.”
“Is that so?”
“Ah, back when I was in Japan, I was an otaku who enjoyed all sorts of hobbies, so I think I understand that kind of romance. That’s exactly why you shouldn’t just use it all the time. It’s the contrast between slow and fast that… builds the excitement, don’t you think?”
That’s true. It’s always the same thing over and over… No matter how wonderful a date is, if you keep repeating the same thing, you’ll eventually get bored. So it’s important to throw in some surprises. As expected of Father—you really know how to speak your mind.
“Filo, you agree, don’t you?”
“Huh?”
“You do, right?”
“U-uh, yeah…”
Who would’ve thought even Filo-chan would agree? I guess that just goes to show he’s not Filo-chan’s Father for nothing. My respect for him just went up a notch.
“So, Second Mode… that’s enough, right?”
“Got it! Then I’ll start researching Third Mode.”
“So there’s still more to come… In a way, I’m actually getting curious to see just how far this will go.”
“Naofumi-sama!”
“Naofumi!?”
“W-well, for now, instead of something like Second Mode, we should just go for a more ‘motorcycle-like’ feel. Right?”
It seems my Father is hoping for a more authentic motorcycle experience. Hmm… It’s true that over these past three days of riding in Second Mode, various issues have come up. All things considered, it just goes to show that modern motorcycles are designed with a lot of thought put into them.
“Filo, you might not like this, but… if you leave Motoyasu to his own devices for too long, this is what happens. You’ve got to compromise somewhere.”
“Nooo!”
“What if he starts chasing you while doing a somersault, claiming it’s ‘Tire Mode’ or something? Pay a little more attention to him.”
“Filo-chan, please. I really wish you’d cut me some slack.”
Even my Finacée is asking Filo-chan for something. A somersault, you say? I can’t see what’s ahead, but I’ll keep it in mind.
“I’ll do my best!”
“No, you don’t have to try so hard.”
“Yaaah! Ugh…”
“Just a little bit is fine… otherwise, the Spear Hero seems like he’ll keep transforming into something else.”
Filo-tan is looking at me. Yay! Motoyasu Brain is currently working on making the “R'yne Mode” operation—which Father requested—a reality.
“Ugh…! Filo, run!”
Oh! Filo-chan is saying she wants to run even more! I won’t be outdone either!
“…I wonder if that’s even human anymore… Heroes are monsters.”
“Well, that would mean I’d become one of them too…”
My Father and the others were chatting with my Finacée while saying things like that. And just like that, our fun test run of Second Mode came to an end. By the way, ever since this incident, I’ve had the feeling that the relationship between my Father and my Finacée has improved compared to before… but I suppose that’s just my imagination!
---
Before long… the day of the time limit from my previous loop arrived. Suddenly, a number appeared in my field of vision.
01:30
“So, in the end, it turned out just as Motoyasu said…”
“Either way, we can’t get started until we get through today.”
“That’s right. It’s not exactly for Ren or Itsuki’s sake, but just to see if we survivors can make it through, we’ve got no choice but to give it our all.”
Just as we were talking like that… a figure emerged from the crack in the waves.
“So this is the world we’re updating to?”
“Let’s get this started already.”
“I know.”
The Gathering behind us is trying to pry open the crack in the waves with their hands, as if to widen it. So they showed up after all. I’d thought they might not come out, but that was just wishful thinking.
“Not on my watch! Go, our mad dog!”
“Charge! Keel!”
“Huh!? You mean the guy with the spear, right?!”
Keel’s making some kind of joke, but following Father’s orders, I’m charging in too.
“‘“The new ability granted by the Goddess is seriously a cheat!”’”
“What do you mean, a cheat? Don’t mess with me! This is ‘New Game+’ for me!”
My Father put his hand to his head and yelled. That’s right. “Just like back then, I’ll save the world alongside my Father!” My heart was pounding with determination, but Father said with a complicated expression:
“Cheating versus New Game Plus… I wonder which one is actually stronger…”
“Naofumi-sama, pull yourself together!”
“This time, I won’t lose! Brionac X! Followed by Aiming Lancer X!”
I unleashed a preemptive strike on those guys. “Evaporate after taking my most powerful blow, fully enhanced!”
“Whoa, w-what!? Gaaaaaaaaah—”
That reincarnated guy I’ve seen before is holding his hands out. It looked like he was trying to block my Skills with a Wall, but he got blown to bits.
“Buhiiiiiiiiii!?”
Those pig-like reincarnated guys are making a racket, but I’m ignoring them. I’ll send you lot to the same place in a heartbeat.
“That attack seems pretty heavy. No, wait—it’s actually incredibly powerful. Well, as long as it doesn’t hit me, he’s no match for me—Whoa!”
He was spouting that kind of nonsense, but another reincarnator just vanished from my attack. With Defense Power so low that a single hit kills you if you can’t dodge, I figured it was only a matter of time before that happened. HAHAHA!
“……Isn’t he going to take care of them all by himself now?”
Watching the battle between me and the reincarnated folks, my Father grumbled something to my sister.
“I understand how you feel, but they aren’t our only enemies…”
My sister is trying to cheer up my Father.
“Damn it! What the hell is that guy? He’s cheating! I can’t take this anymore!”
Oh? An enemy has turned his back and is trying to run away. This is our chance! Their backs are wide open!
“Father!”
“Ah, yeah, yeah. Liberation Aura X.”
I heard that during this run, Older Sister became friends with a dragon she drinks with and received a blessing in exchange for a shard. Apparently, it’s a powerful Water-attribute dragon. It’s surprising just how well-connected she is.
Thanks to my Father’s magic, I was instantly super-powered. Now that I’m like this, I’m invincible. I’m going to wipe my Father and Filo-chan’s enemies off the face of the earth.
“Woooooooooo! I’m going to finish this in one gooooooo! Bryunak X! And Liberation Fire Prominence X!”
“H-hey, hurry up! Otherwise that cheat’s attack is coming!”
“Shut up! I’m in the middle of it right now!”
The fleeing reincarnated ones are huddled together in a tight cluster in front of the fissure. HAHAHA, I’ll wipe them all out in one fell swoop! The flash of Brionac and the heat of Fire Prominence are closing in on them.
“I-it’s coming! Gyaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
“Waaaaaaaaaaah!”
Some managed to escape the fissure and barely dodge my attack, but since I wasn’t aiming for them, I couldn’t care less. My main target is the Wave Fissure, after all.
“Haaaaaaaaa! Filo-taaaaaaaaaaan!”
I synchronized my mind with Filo-tan and slammed a Liberation Fire Prominence into the Wave Fissure, causing it to explode.
“Whoa————…!”
It wiped out even the ones at the far end of the fissure, and the fissure burst open in an instant. It felt like the same earthquake that happened when we fought before.
“Damn it! What the hell is this?! Do you guys hate updates that much?!”
“Don’t go causing trouble for everyone! You bunch of cheaters!”
“What a spectacular boomerang for all of you. Now, I’ll leave the disposal of the stragglers to you lot!”
With that order, Father’s subordinates all began capturing the reincarnated warriors. They’re incredibly well-organized. Just as you’d expect from Father’s men.
“……Does this mean Motoyasu is out of the picture, or will the wave continue?”
Like Father, I also checked the arrival time of the wave. Hmm…… Nothing’s happening.
There’s no next arrival time!
While helping with the cleanup, I waited until the time I remembered. But the hour hand of the True Dragon Clock showed no reaction at all.
“So, Motoyasu. Any changes?”
“Nope.”
“I get that the specs have changed in various ways… but since the arrival time for the next wave is gone too, does that mean the wave is over? It’s kind of anticlimactic—I don’t really feel like I’ve accomplished anything yet.”
My father was muttering to himself while checking the shield’s stats, but it seemed he couldn’t observe any further changes. I checked it myself, too, but couldn’t find any information that seemed relevant.
“We managed to overcome the wave, didn’t we?”
“Probably… though there might be another reason, like the mastermind having already been defeated.”
“Um… so, Naofumi-sama…”
“What is it?”
My sister asked my Father, looking as if she were speaking with trepidation.
“Now that the world is at peace, does that mean… Naofumi-sama… will be going back to your original world…?”
Holding back tears, my Older Sister asked my Father. At that, my Father looked at her face, his gaze wavering as if he’d suddenly snapped back to reality. After pondering for a moment, my Father said,
“It doesn’t seem like I’m going to be kicked out right away. It can’t hurt to put it on hold for a little while. For a while after I was summoned, I thought I’d be doomed, but it’s actually not so bad. There might still be something more to come.”
“That’s right!”
“Oh my? Naofumi-chan, you—”
Just as Older Sister was about to tease my Father, something immense burst forth from behind Older Sister, overwhelming both Older Sister and everyone else present. This is it! If I say the wrong thing, I’ll be killed! Just as I’d expect from my Older Sister. I think I’ll just keep my mouth shut.
“Well, let’s just enjoy this world—which might actually be peaceful for a while.”
It seems my Father has decided to stay in this world after all. At the very least, he’s saying he’ll take responsibility for my older sisters and the like.
“Oh my—”
“Well, things are going to get pretty busy from here on out. There’s also that human bike race tournament in Zeltoble that they’ve asked me to participate in.”
“It’s surprising that there are actually people who want to watch that—or even race in it.”
“Don’t say that… Motoyasu.”
“What is it?”
“So, come on out and enter the human bike race in Zeltoble. Since the lead rider will be Filo, ridden by Melty, that should really motivate you, right?”
What?! That would definitely motivate me. It’s a bit frustrating that my Finacée is riding Filo-tan, but I’m still happy about it.
“Huh!? My Lord!”
“If you participate seriously, I’ll give you a reward, so just bear with it.”
“Ugh…”
And just like that, our peaceful days began. It feels like the timeline and outcomes are different from the first world, but maybe this is for the best. For some reason, my Finacée this time has been relentlessly interfering with my trysts with Filo-chan, but the bigger the obstacle, the more fired up I get.
However… it’s a relief that not much has changed even without Ren and Itsuki. I was a bit concerned that Éclair was just acting as my Finacée’s bodyguard, and that I didn’t see that stalker pig around. I also have no idea where Rival’s foster parent has gone. The only one who’s truly pitiful is probably Kuro-chan, now that Ren isn’t around. Since there aren’t any creatures created by my Father—based on my Older Sister—it’s quiet, I suppose.
And so, I’ve managed to rebuild a peaceful world once again.
I’m a bit hazy on exactly how many years have passed. The only thing I know for sure is… that world was saved.
Eventually… I felt as if a clock that looked familiar floated into my field of vision.
……
…………
………………
---
Selective Retrogression / Random Retrogression ←
---
Fifth Coordinate… Reference… Verification… Retrograde Start――
---
……
…………
………………
---
It happened suddenly. I heard an angry voice… that’s Éclair’s voice, isn’t it?
“You!”
My consciousness began to clear. It seems Éclair is in the middle of rushing toward the Smoked One, about to strike him with her sword.
“If we’re going to rewind time, please make sure we don’t make a mistake like this next time…”
Huh? Where am I? Before me stands my kind-looking Father. Looking around, I see a desolate landscape stretching out before me. It’s a place that feels vaguely familiar… but where is it, exactly? While I was pondering this, Éclair raised her sword toward Smoked.
“Guh! How dare you strike an ally with your sword! What do you think you’re doing?!”
“You have no honor! You fool who killed the Bow Hero just when the Wind started blowing against you!”
Éclair sliced through Smoked’s arm tendons with a follow-up strike and pinned him to the ground. I’m not entirely sure what’s going on, but good job, Éclair. Smoked just causes us nothing but trouble anyway.
……But wasn’t Smoked supposed to have been killed along with Itsuki? I heard from my Father that the Stalker Pig testified to that…?
“Hurry up and tend to the Bow Hero’s wounds!　Don’t give up as long as there’s still a chance!”
Recovery healers rushed over to the wounded Itsuki all at once. It seems Itsuki is here too, not just Smoked. …He’s lying on the ground, but he’s holding a bow. I haven’t seen him once since the bow was taken by Takt… Hmm, it’s a mystery. Even before that, I can’t even understand why Itsuki—who was supposed to be dead—is even here.
“Motoyasu-kun?”
I couldn’t keep up with the situation and was trying to analyze it, but since my Father called me, I’ll turn my attention to him. After all, I’m my Father’s loyal subordinate.
“What is it?”
“You looked a bit spaced out—are you okay? Aren’t you about to loop again?”
Loop? Why on earth would you think I’d loop? Even if I’ve gained the ability to choose when to loop based on the name of a new skill, I won’t give up on this world. I’ve decided to fight alongside Filo-tan and my Father until the very last moment.
……Motoyasu-kun?
No, that might not be what’s going on here. After all, my Father is calling me “Motoyasu-kun.” The Father I know well always just calls me “Motoyasu” without the honorific. But I do recall a time when my Father called me “Motoyasu-kun.”
“Father, I’m a little confused myself, so could you please explain what’s happened since I was summoned?”
“Huh? Don’t we run out of time…”
“Please! This is very important.”
When I said that earnestly, my father agreed, though perplexed, to tell me the story.
“Um, on the first day after the summoning, Motoyasu-kun saved me and Ms. Eclair from Melromarc’s plot, and we managed to escape to Siltvelt—but then, because of Takt and his companions, who were pretending to be the Hero of the Claws, Siltvelt and Melromarc ended up having to go to war… I think.”
Hmm, I’ve got a general grasp of the situation. I deduced one possibility and said to my Father,
“So after that, you won the battle, fought against Itsuki, and then that smoked guy—whose luck had turned sour—ended up getting killed by Itsuki, is that right?”
“That’s right… but the loop—”
I see. So that’s how it is.
…I remember it well. The feelings of my Father, Lady Filolial, and our comrades—those we fought alongside. And the time we spent together, however brief it was.
“I was so happy to have been saved by Motoyasu-kun in this world. Thank you. It was a short time, but I really enjoyed it.”
I remember Father’s face as he said that, smiling sadly. I remember the promise I made with him—etched deep in my heart—that next time, we wouldn’t fail.
Yes… this world is—
“Father, the loop has already come around, you know.”
When I said that, my father tilted his head. That gentle reaction… no matter how I look at it, there’s only one answer.
“Huh? What do you mean by that?”
This world is… a world where, simply because I was immature, I caused my father sorrow.
“That’s right. This must be the world where I set off for Siltvelt with you, Father.”
I can remember that world as clearly as if it were yesterday. Father, Éclair, the people of Siltvelt… and Yuki-chan, Sakura-chan, and Kou. I’ve never forgotten any of them.
…It seems I’ve looped from the world where I remembered the future just as I was about to get kicked by Filo-tan into yet another world. I have absolutely no idea why this happened. Or rather, my Rival and the Older Sister from the first world both said that the worlds I’ve been through so far don’t exist. Setting my Rival aside, I can’t imagine the Older Sister from the first world would be wrong. There must be some reason for this.
But… either way, I have to save this world. No—precisely because I had no choice but to give up once before, I’ll prove that I can save it this time. I swear this, clenching the hand that holds my spear.
Filo-chan! Watch this! I’ll definitely bring peace to this world… I’ll show you true peace!
—And so, my new loop began. The continuation of a world that was supposed to have never existed has now begun.
The True Tutorial Arc is over. Starting next time, we’ll move on to the Siltvelt Arc: After.
Chapter 859 - Reunion [2018/01/02 10:00]
So, this world has started over again—but what should we do from here on out?
“Motoyasu, if you don’t explain it in a little more detail, I won’t be able to figure this out either.”
“Ah, you’re right. But is it really okay to be talking about this in a place like this?”
My father looked out over the battlefield—now a scene of ruins—and nodded, looking slightly contrite.
“Huh? Well… you’re right, I suppose.”
But… what’s going on here? As far as I can tell, until just a moment ago, he was his usual sharp Father… but now he’s suddenly speaking to me in a gentle tone. That’s quite a contrast.
“Oink…”
Huh! The presence of a Crimson Swine! That’s the Crimson Swine’s soul! I recognized it because I’d sensed it before in a previous loop.
But why is the Crimson Swine’s soul here? I’m pretty sure I took it down with a Burst Lance in this world. But that was before I’d fully mastered the Soul Eater Spear. That explains why the Crimson Swine’s soul is here.
“Right there!”
“Oink!?”
I pierced the Crimson Swine’s soul drifting nearby with the Soul Eater Spear. With that, the Crimson Swine’s soul has been completely annihilated. Phew… That was a close call. With this, I’ve nipped the possibility of it becoming a Crimson Swine ghost in the bud.
“What’s going on?”
“I exterminated a pest.”
“Really?”
“That’s right. The Crimson Swine won’t be coming back now.”
“Resurrect…? Huh? That princess exploded, but she’s going to come back to life?”
My father is taken aback by the Crimson Swine’s tenacity. It’s true—that thing keeps coming back for no good reason. It’s truly a pest.
“So I completely annihilated its soul.”
“Completely annihilated…? That princess is bad enough for requiring such drastic measures, but you, Motoyasu, are as amazing as ever for being able to do it.”
“I’m honored by your praise!”
My kind Father is really good at giving compliments. It’s starting to feel a bit nostalgic.
“Well then, let’s head back.”
And so, we left that spot and returned to Siltvelt Castle.
---
After returning to Siltvelt Castle, at Father’s request, a private space was arranged for him and me to talk at our leisure.
“Is this kind of setup okay for now? Alright, Motoyasu, could you explain the details?”
“Understood. Because of Itsuki’s death, I got stuck in this loop. But by following Father’s instructions and taking various actions, I managed to break free from the loop, return to the original world, and defeat the mastermind behind the turmoil.”
Just remembering it all feels like a grand adventure. I can recall all sorts of memories as if they happened just yesterday.
“So why are we back in this loop again?”
“I don’t know. But I do have a hunch.”
“Really?”
“I do. Before returning to this loop, I looped back to the moment right after I met Filo-chan. What I discovered then was the Minute Hand of the Dragon Hourglass.”
I took the Minute Hand of the Dragon Hourglass and showed it to my Father. This spear is full of mysteries, and I still don’t understand what it is.
“Does that mean a change in conditions has made it possible to travel back in time from the middle of a loop?”
“The Minute Hand of the Dragon Hourglass does indeed possess an ability with that name.”
“Well then, that might be the reason for this phenomenon.”
Indeed. There are still many mysteries, but I have a hunch that this spear is the cause.
“Well, either way, Motoyasu-kun. In this case… let’s see… should I just say, ‘I’m glad to see you again’?”
As he said that, my Father smiled at me. In my mind, the Father from last time is pointing at him and asking, “Who is this guy?” but I’ll just go ahead and answer, “That’s my Father.”
My father is saying this out of consideration for me. There’s no way he could truly grasp that I’ve returned to this world after such a long loop. But he’s the kind of person who understands others’ feelings. He must have sensed how I was feeling.
“Father, I’ve missed you too!”
I’ve been saved countless times by my kind Father’s advice. When I was told this world had been erased as if it never existed, my heart felt like it was being squeezed, but I’m so happy to see you again. I’m truly moved! And so, we spent a little while celebrating our reunion.
“Anyway, as far as I’m concerned, I’m just glad this world didn’t get erased…”
My father turned his face toward the direction of the battlefield. In the end, despite all efforts to treat him, Itsuki was confirmed dead. Well, he is Itsuki, after all. It’s only natural that he might end up dying if things go wrong.
“It seems the war has more or less come to an end, but who knows what’ll happen from here on out…”
Um, if I recall correctly, in this world, the pigs surrounding Takt fabricated all sorts of baseless grievances—out of revenge for his death—and started a war. I remember scattering the remnants of their forces as they swarmed out pointlessly. I do recall that, as a result, the Three Heroes Church and some Trash jumped on the bandwagon, but we turned the tables on them.
“We dealt massive damage to the Shieldfreeden Army, and the talk is that the Siltvelt Army should be able to handle the rest on its own—but that’s not the problem. Dealing with Takt’s remnants will be tough—only we can handle it.”
“That’s true.”
To be honest, the knowledge I’ve gained from previous loops doesn’t seem to be much use in this one. After all, the events that unfold are different this time. While the timing of the Spirit Tortoise’s revival is likely fixed, nothing else can be relied upon. Well, either way, I won’t give up.
“The waves attack more frequently when there’s no Hero, right?”
“That’s right. But it’s not all doom and gloom. We’ve already confirmed from the last loop that if we can just survive the Wave when it comes, it’ll all be over.”
“Who’s behind the Wave?”
“It ended without the mastermind ever appearing. I suspect it’s because my Father from the first world had already defeated them, don’t you think?”
It seems the mastermind, Crimson Swine, isn’t around either. We learned from the last cycle that if we try hard enough, we can make it work. This should be good news.
“So, we just need to keep pushing until then. That means there’s hope. Let’s tackle the problems right in front of us.”
And just like that, we’ve set a clear goal for dealing with the waves. Speaking of which, I just remembered something!
“That’s right! Filo-tan!”
“Ah, Motoyasu-kun’s love interest, right? Did you figure out a way to meet her in this world, too?”
“Yes, Father! Filo-tan is actually Sakura-chan!”
“Huh? Really? I feel like they look completely different, though.”
It’s true that Filo-tan and Sakura-chan look different. Not only do they look different, but their personalities are different too, so you could almost say they’re completely different people.
“That’s right… Looking back on the loops so far, I was a bit skeptical myself, but she definitely became Filo-tan.”
“It feels like Motoyasu-kun is saying something that doesn’t really count as an overview or explanation, but is it like Sakura-chan turns into this girl named Filo when certain conditions are met?”
“That’s exactly right.”
“Hmm…”
My father looks a little perplexed.
“So, Motoyasu-kun, you’re going to get along well with Sakura-chan—who is also Filo—from now on, right?”
Oh? My “love sensor” for Filo-tan is raising a question mark at Father’s reply. Filo-tan is number one for me—can I really recognize Sakura-chan, who is the same person, as Filo-tan? Ha… haha… No way.
“Sakura-chan is Sakura-chan. Filo-tan is Filo-tan!”
Sakura-chan is not Filo-tan, is she?
“Yeah, I knew you’d say that…”
Father muttered, looking exasperated. But the fact is, Filo-tan and Sakura-chan are separate beings with distinct personalities.
Sakura-chan may be a bit slow on the uptake, but she’s a kind-hearted girl. Her soft feathers are so captivating they defy description. Above all, she is also Lady Filolial, who has supported my Father across countless worlds.
Filo-tan is so divinely radiant that, in the heat of the moment, my meager intellect can’t even come up with the words to describe her charm. Of course, I can’t just stay silent, so I’m etching Filo-tan’s magnificence into my mind every day, and I plan to start talking about her someday. My glorious memories with Filo-chan from last time are truly irreplaceable. I can still recall everything vividly—from the color of her feathers to her translucent blue eyes, her voice… even the background remains in vivid color.
Oh? My father, standing beside Filo-chan with a sullen expression, said:
“So what are you going to do about it?!”
“So what are you going to do?”
Oh man… I’ve been told the exact same thing by both my Father from last time and the one here now. So I’ll put away those precious memories of Filo-tan that are seared into my brain and focus my attention on the conversation.
“What do you mean, ‘what’?”
“Well, from Motoyasu-kun’s perspective, Sakura-chan isn’t that girl named Filo, right? So in this loop, as for that girl named Filo—”
I was speechless at Father’s muttered words, and I couldn’t hear the rest. Up until now, I’d been acting on the hope that Filo-tan was out there somewhere. But Filo-tan is Sakura-chan. In other words, in this world, there’s absolutely no way I can meet Filo-tan. W-w-what am I supposed to do!?
“How can I turn Sakura-chan into Filo-tan partway through!?”
“...I think it’s admirable that you, Motoyasu-kun, haven’t given up—even though you’re not immediately thinking of traveling back to another world.”
My father seems to have a distant look in his eyes, but he doesn’t have time for that right now. Hmm... This is a problem far too big to be just a temporary challenge. Just how on earth can I turn Sakura-chan into Filo-tan?
“Mr. Iwatani, Mr. Kitamura… I’m sorry to interrupt your conversation. Would you mind listening to us for a moment?”
Just as I was agonizing over this, Éclair showed up. Last time, she had barely even spoken to my sister—we had practically no connection—yet now she’s addressing us as if it were the most natural thing in the world. Well, I suppose it’s partly because we’ve been traveling together in this world for quite some time now.
“Ms. Éclair”
“We’re currently in the middle of a meeting on how to raise Sakura-chan to become Filo-tan.”
We’re in the middle of a discussion that’s just as important as saving the world, after all. We’ll have to talk to Éclair another time.
“Hmm…? What are you talking about, Lord Kitamura?”
“Ah… don’t worry about Motoyasu-kun. So, what’s this about?”
“Ah, well, first off, I have a report, and I’d like to go over the agenda items for the meetings with the people from Siltvelt and Melromarc.”
With that, Éclair summoned the leading figures of Siltvelt and began the discussion. Wait a minute! What’s going to happen with the matter concerning Filo-tan and Sakura-chan?
“First, regarding the Bow Hero—despite Recovery Magic, medical treatment, and resuscitation efforts… his death has been confirmed. Those who were his companions will bear full responsibility for this incident. It was an act of barbarism bordering on sheer stupidity.”
Even if it was to jump on the winning side, Smoked did a foolish thing, didn’t he? And with eyewitness testimony so solid, there’s no way to wriggle out of it.
“Melromarc won’t be able to escape accountability either.”
“Yeah…”
“The repercussions of this incident will likely extend to his family as well. That’s the current report on the murder of the Bow Hero…”
It’s a case of reaping what one sows. That said, delivering the final blow to Itsuki was a brutal act that even surprised me. I’d heard he only sided with the strong, but he truly was a champion of justice. After all, to them, strength equals justice.
“Next, regarding the war: countless suspicious points were discovered in this conflict, and before nations like Faubrey could forcibly intervene… thanks to Lord Kitamura, the Shieldfreeden Army was deemed unable to continue the war, leading to the conclusion that Siltvelt was the victor.”
“A complete victory, then.”
Well, a country that had turned Takt into its personal plaything—even my past self could have handled that with ease. As for my current self, I could probably take them down even more effortlessly.
“Not to mention the Takt-derived weapons—which could be called their trump card—even the units that relied on sheer numbers ended up in that sorry state… However, since there are likely those in Shieldfreeden itself who refuse to give up and are planning a second wave, calls for caution have been issued by various nations, and we’re staying vigilant. I can only pray that they don’t add further insult to injury.”
“I’ve got a pretty good grasp of the situation now.”
“As for where the blame lies, since Shieldfreeden started a war based on false reports and suffered defeat, full authority to handle claims for reparations has been entrusted to Siltvelt.”
“That’s only fair if you win. Even telling the truth can get you into trouble, so Shieldfreeden—which did nothing but lie—is bound to be in even deeper trouble. This will certainly line our pockets.”
“However, those posing as the Melromarc Army who took advantage of this war were captured by Melromarc. It seems the Siltvelt leadership heeded Melromarc’s request and cooperation and determined they bore no responsibility.”
“It’s a bit of a stretch, but since they did step in to suppress the fake Melromarc army, I guess we can’t really complain?”
“Yeah, they say we just have to be glad we were able to stop them at the border. If anything, the real problem seems to be the incident where someone from Melromarc killed the Bow Hero… Either way, there’ll be a mountain of issues to deal with.”
After saying that, Éclair took a breath and replied.
“That’s all for the report, for now. As for what the victorious Siltvelt will do next, it’ll probably be a victory celebration. First, we’ll celebrate the victory—that’s where we start.”
She concluded. Hmm… I’ve only just come back from the loop, but this is quite a tricky situation. Since it happened quite a while ago, parts of it sound like someone else’s story, and it still doesn’t quite feel real to me.
“Well then, I’m heading out on a mission to transport the impostor posing as the Wise King. Let’s meet again if the opportunity arises.”
With that, Éclair left.
The number of heroines in Seven All: A whole lot
Chapter 860 - Guardian Knight [2018/01/09 10:00]
“Eclair seems to be having a tough time, too… Can’t we send him off using Motoyasu’s portal or something?”
“That’s not possible.”
You can’t use the portal skill to travel with anyone who isn’t a party member. It’s impossible for that Trash to join our party, and we can’t enslave him either. Since he’s technically an imposter, we can’t send him off.
“It looks convenient, but the downside is that there are some drawbacks, huh?”
“I wonder if they’ll confiscate the plane we used to escort Itsuki?”
“That seems likely, but I’m not sure. It looks pretty hard to fly, though… Besides, a plane isn’t the only way to transport someone by air. There might be various ways to handle it.”
After we talked about that, my Father smiled. My Father in this world is as kind as ever.
“Well then, let’s do our best from here on out, Motoyasu-kun. You’ll get to see Yuki-chan and Kou again.”
I guess the reason he didn’t call out Sakura-chan is because Filo-tan is Sakura-chan? Unfortunately, I spent quite a bit of time with Yuki-chan and the others. Well, either way, we should be happy about the reunion.
After all, I met Yuki-chan under a different name during the last loop. In that sense, Filo-tan is the same as Sakura-chan.
As for Kou… I’ll have to be careful not to make my Father angry. He’s usually well-behaved when my sister and her friends are around… but they’re not here right now. The only other time is when my Father is in a bad mood. I’ll need to be on my guard.
So, after my Father and I finished talking, I went over to greet Yuki-chan and the others, who were waiting there.
“Ah, Naofumi, welcome back.”
“I’m back.”
Oh… it’s Sakura-chan. And what’s more, she has eyes the same color as her hair—something particularly rare even within these loops. Uuuh… Sakura-chan, why aren’t you Filo-chan? Waaaaaah!
“Motoyasu-sama!”
Yuki-chan called out to me, so I snapped back to reality. I’m sure I have a sharp, determined look on my face right now. Sharp!
“Oh, Yuki-chan, how are you doing?”
“We really did a great job, didn’t we?”
…That’s right. With Yuki-chan and the others, there’s no doubt we did a great job.
“Of course! Between the despicable Schiltfreiden and the fake Melromarc Army, we handled them all with ease thanks to everyone’s strength.”
“That’s right! Now, everyone, it’s time to revel in the sweet wine of victory! Let’s just be happy about it.”
“‘Yay!’”
At Yuki-chan’s call, Lady Filolial and the others all raised their voices in unison. Hehehe… what a heartwarming sight. I’d love to keep watching this scene forever, with Feero-tan right here with us. And so, our war with Siltfreiden came to an end, and we held a banquet at the castle.
“Honestly… for the people of that country to confuse freedom with tradition and turn their fangs on their own homeland…”
Sighs like these could be heard all around the banquet hall. Well, after all, Shieldfreeden is a country with a short history, founded by immigrants from Siltvelt. I suppose they’re viewed as a nation that hasn’t truly stood on its own two feet yet.
And yet, they got carried away and started a war based on false accusations. I suppose it feels like being bitten by a child. So, amidst this atmosphere, the people of Siltvelt are holding discussions—interwoven with the banquet—about how to punish Shieldfreeden, making for a rather unusual gathering.
“This feels kind of gloomy.”
My father has sensed this mood as well and is scanning the room.
“Huh? I hear some lively voices coming from over there.”
Lively chatter could be heard from a corner of the banquet hall. Father beckons us over as he heads toward the commotion.
“Come on, down it in one! Down it in one!”
“Whoa! That’s good!”
It seems that’s where the mercenaries who had distinguished themselves on the battlefield were making a racket at the banquet. There’s a commotion going on—you could even call it a riot. There’s quite a contrast in atmosphere compared to the nobles’ side.
“Go for it! Big Sis!”
“Show them what you’re made of, Big Sis!”
I feel like I’ve heard those cheers before. My Father, who had been watching the group from a distance, ran over to me and, with eyes sparkling like a child’s, pointed at them.
“Motoyasu! A panda! There’s a panda! And it’s drinking and having a great time!”
Hmm… A panda, you say? Looking in the direction Father was pointing—looking so delighted—there was indeed a panda. It was the very same panda that used to play with my Older Sisters all the time.
“That’s amazing. I knew there were all kinds of Demi-Human beasts out there, but so it turns out there are pandas too.”
“Indeed. By the way, there was a world where he and my Father got along quite well.”
“Huh? Really?”
“That’s right. My Father used to pay him a lot of attention.”
Along with Older Sister’s older sisters, mind you. After peace was restored, he even hung out with Keel. By the way, according to Luna-chan’s assessment, he was classified as “cute despite his large build.” You know… I think he was going for that “creepy-cute” vibe that really showed off Father’s taste. Though personally, I didn’t find the panda in a tutu particularly cute. Just as we were talking about this, an old man of the Gemu race came over to us.
“Oh my, what’s the matter?”
“Well, I was just watching and thinking there were some people really livening up the party.”
Saying that, Father was staring intently at the panda.
“Ah, those are the mercenaries who participated in this battle. They’re the ones who achieved great feats in a different arena from the Heroes.”
“In that case, we’ll have to make sure to reward them properly.”
“Of course. I imagine there will be an opportunity later for the Shield Hero himself to offer words of praise. So, Shield Hero, are you curious about that mercenary?”
“Huh? Well, yeah. How should I put it? In my world, they’re considered exotic beasts—or rather, very popular animals. I just thought, ‘So there really are Therianthropes like that…’”
“Hmm, hmm.”
I thought I saw a gleam in the old man of the Genmu clan’s eyes, but maybe it was just my imagination? Could he still be plotting to arrange a marriage? My memory’s a bit fuzzy, but I’m pretty sure I turned him down in this world, too.
“Anyway, rather than sitting here exchanging nothing but gloomy complaints, I think it’d be better for us to join those people over there celebrating their victory and enjoy the festivities.”
Seeing my Father like that, the old man of the Genmu race nodded with a smile.
“That’s right. If we don’t enjoy the moment, we’ll never make it through the battles ahead. Heroes, please enjoy yourselves to the fullest.”
“If we want to liven things up, wouldn’t it boost morale if Father served up some food?”
I’m pretty sure his cooking—especially the Éclairs—was a big hit with Éclair and the others on our way to Siltvelt. What’s more, I’ve eaten Father’s cooking countless times across the loops. In every single instance, there were no words to describe it other than ‘delicious.’
“Huh? Am I supposed to cook and serve food for that many people? It wouldn’t be impossible if I had help, but would my cooking really boost morale that much?”
“That’s not really a method I’d recommend. The dishes prepared by the Shield Hero are like divine fare… It’s easy to imagine the nobles swarming around them, desperate to get their hands on them.”
“It might turn into a rather cutthroat banquet in a different sense… Politics really is tough, isn’t it?”
“Shield Hero, our greatest joy is for you to enjoy this banquet without worrying too much about us.”
So seeing my Father enjoying himself is what brings joy to the people of Siltvelt. That’s quite a noble way of thinking. I must say, he truly lives up to his reputation as an elder of the Genmu clan. He certainly lives up to his age.
“Understood. Well then, I suppose I’ll join in so everyone can enjoy themselves without feeling self-conscious.”
After my father spoke in a cheerful voice, he blended into the lively crowd with remarkable nonchalance. Do the therianthropes around him not even notice? This is truly a mystery.
Well, Sakura-chan, Kou, and Lady Filolial are all eating nearby, drawn in by the lively atmosphere. Everyone’s just going with the flow, so they’ve probably forgotten that my Father is the Shield Hero.
“Ikki! Ikki! Ooh!”
The feast went on in that sort of spirit.
---
The next day… Just as the old man of the Genmu clan had testified, an audience with my Father was held as a reward for the mercenaries who had distinguished themselves on the battlefield.
“Well… You fought well for the country in this battle. I will grant you a reward befitting your service. Thank you. I hope you’ll continue to lend your strength to the country in the future.”
With the leading figures of Siltvelt standing by, Father thanked the mercenaries one by one. It seemed like he was just going through the motions, saying exactly what he was told to say.
The mercenaries’ reactions varied widely. Some were tense, some were relaxed, and some saluted earnestly. There were plenty who, making it look as if they were suddenly reaching out to my Father, raised their swords instead.
My Father didn’t flinch at all in response to the sword-raising gesture, which bordered on provocation. He was likely already assessing them based on their level and stats. When he responded, he was met with a whistle and a reply asking for continued cooperation. As expected, this is one of those unique rules of Siltvelt where strength is everything.
Soon after… Panda arrived with his pack of werewolves. He seems to be wearing a face that’s somewhere between a scowl and a blush—almost like he’s joking.
“Ah!”
By the way, at the banquet the day before, the Panda had challenged Father to a drinking contest, which had the whole venue in an uproar—only to end up completely passed out from drunkenness.
“You…”
Is he still holding a grudge about being humiliated at the banquet? Father is raising his hands, looking like he’s saying, “Sorry, sorry.” Then, after hearing from his subordinates about the reward for Panda, my Father furrowed his brow. Perhaps losing patience, a Shusaku man and a Genmu elder—acting as his aides—spoke up together.
“To Rasa-zusa, a mercenary who fought with the prowess of a thousand men, we bestow the title of Guardian Knight of the Shield Hero as a reward for his recent exploits. We hope that, with his strength, he will protect the Shield Hero from any crisis and serve as his pillar of strength.”
As if to say he hadn’t heard a word of it, my Father glared at the two of them, but they both wore expressions that suggested they’d acted thoughtfully.
“Ooooooh…”
Those around them could only let out cries of surprise at the magnitude of the reward. It felt as if they were being told to follow in Panda’s footsteps in the next battle, didn’t it?
And so, with the reward ceremony for the mercenaries over, the number of people in the throne room dropped sharply. Then, after confirming that the crowd had thinned out, my Father looked at the representatives from Siltvelt with a slightly displeased expression.
“…What’s the reward for Ms. Rasazusa? My personal guard, perhaps?”
“Given that the Shield Hero is expected to continue leveling up and carrying out activities in various regions, we must deploy capable personnel to support him. Otherwise, we’d lose face as citizens of Siltvelt.”
“She made a good impression at the banquet the other day, and I’ve heard she fought like a war god on the battlefield. Furthermore, given her status as a mercenary, we’ve determined she’s a suitable match for the Hero, who dislikes arranged marriages.”
“Does she want this herself?”
“You’re welcome to ask her that yourself.”
Right after that exchange, Panda was summoned again and came over.
“Huh? What do you want now?”
“Yeah. I just want to ask—I heard I’ve been appointed as your Guardian Knight. Is that okay with you?”
“Ah… well, I guess. I’m a mercenary anyway, and the pay itself is exceptional. I took the job because I figured it was a good deal.”
“I see… Well, if that’s the case, then it’s fine.”
At that point, Father looked at Panda and the representative with a suspicious gaze.
“Are you really not up to anything?”
I get the feeling Panda’s back straightened slightly. Perhaps sensing this, Father’s suspicious gaze doesn’t waver.
“It’s only natural to be suspicious. Well… if I had to say something, let’s just say we’re hoping for some compensation when, after sharing both hardships and joys, the Shield Hero graces this Guardian Knight with his heart…”
“We’re just assigning him as a comrade for now, but we’re hoping something more might come of it?”
My father narrows his eyes as he looks at the panda.
“A hefty reward if you have a child.”
Whether it’s a poker face or not, the panda shows no reaction. Is it just my imagination that his lack of reaction makes him seem guilty? As always, this guy has a keen eye for money. He’s an impressive panda—in a different way than the Lazy Pig.
“I’ve heard it’s just ‘what-if’ talk, too! I’d appreciate it if you didn’t worry about it too much.”
“If you start sneaking up on me night after night dressed in some weird outfit, I’ll turn you down, okay?”
“Fine by me. I’m only in it for the reward anyway.”
“Well… maybe it’s good that she’s so straightforward and clear about things?”
And so, the panda and her pack of werewolves were hired at the castle, and before we knew it, the panda had joined our group. However… the panda ended up getting to know my Father quite well through a strange twist of fate.
Chapter 861 - Five Somersaults in the Air [2018/01/16 10:00]
“Would it be okay if I asked you a quick question?”
“Hm? Oh, you’re the Spear Hero, aren’t you? What is it?”
“Weren’t you planning on heading toward Zeltoble?”
I asked because I didn’t quite understand why Panda—who, given the time of year, should have been in Zeltoble—was actually in Siltvelt. Since this guy is someone I can trust, knowing where he is might come in handy later on.
“That’s a strange question. Well, I was thinking of heading over if nothing interesting came up, but when I heard the Shield Hero—who could become a spark for conflict in Siltvelt—was heading there, I figured I’d stick around and see how things play out, right?”
So, does that mean he stayed in Siltvelt instead of going to Zeltoble, and when the war with Shieldfreeden broke out, he just joined in as a mercenary? Well, well… mercenaries really are a bold bunch. They seem to be enjoying life, and I can relate to that in a way.
“Well, I saw the Spear Hero wipe out the enemy’s main force myself. It was an easy fight.”
“That’s right. There’s no doubt it was a walk in the park thanks to Motoyasu-kun.”
“I’m curious to see what kind of battles lie ahead, though… So, with that said, I’ll be counting on you for various things.”
And with that, we wrapped up our greetings.
---
After that, my Father approached me, looking somewhat interested. It seemed like we were taking a brief break, so I was just about to head to the garden where Yuki-chan, the others, and Lady Filolial were. It happened in that hallway.
“So, Motoyasu, is there something special about that Ms. Rasazusa?”
“She’s a comrade I occasionally team up with during loops. Depending on the situation, she might even be chosen as a ‘Claw Hero.’”
“Huh—so she’s pretty capable?”
What do you think? I remember she even taught people like Keel—those with the aptitude—how to turn back into dogs. As far as combat ability goes, she’s certainly not weak. At the very least, he should be skilled enough to hold his own to some extent in the Zeltoble Coliseum.
“Aside from being multilingual and able to speak the languages of various countries, he’s a bit of a miser, isn’t he?”
He loves treasure and was obsessed with the treasure his Older Sister had acquired through her salvage business.
“I already knew that much from talking to him directly yesterday.”
That’s an easy point to grasp. Well, he’s a mercenary, after all. It’s only natural that he’s shrewd when it comes to money. I certainly have no intention of complaining about that.
“Then there’s this: despite his outward appearance, he actually has a girlish side and is interested in dressing up in cute outfits, but he’s too concerned about what others might think to actually do it, right?”
“What’s that, a contrast? Isn’t that actually pretty cute?”
“Your Father used to tease him about that quite a bit, didn’t he?”
He was treated like a plaything by my Father and my Older Sister. That panda didn’t seem to mind it all that much, either.
“He naturally got everyone in a good mood at the banquet, too. He seems like a pretty fun guy. Though I bet he’d get mad if I told him that to his face.”
That’s the kind of comment my Father used to make.
“I got recruited because I showed interest… but he seems okay, so I guess it’s fine.”
“By the way, he has the ability to transform into a pig.”
“The way you put it, Motoyasu-kun, it sounds like he has a Demi-Human form too. I’ll have him show me later.”
Just as we were chatting like that, we arrived at the garden where Lady Filolial was waiting. I’m going to enjoy this wonderful time taking care of Lady Filolial and the others.
“Look! Everyone!”
“‘Wow!’”
My father is playing a game where he throws a tree branch for them to catch. Watching this, the Therianthropes of Siltvelt are getting all restless. My father’s games really stimulate everyone’s instincts, you see. Of course, my instincts are in overdrive, too. Maybe I’ll join in!
“Make sure you catch it! Here goes!”
“Throw it!”
I quickly close in on the twig that Father threw, perform a spectacular five-rotation twist in midair, catch it gracefully in my mouth, and land. Then I rush back to Father’s side. What do you think?　How loyal am I? I think I’m several times more loyal than Keel.
“……”
My Father is silent, staring at me. He must be deeply moved by my overflowing loyalty. I’ll work even harder than ever to live up to this trust.
“That’s wonderful, Motoyasu-sama!　Even when catching a twig, you manage to do it with such elegance.”
Yuki-chan, who hadn’t been very interested in Father’s game, seems to really like the way I caught it. As expected, Yuki-chan responds to things of noble character.
“Hmm? Does it look fun?”
“Maybe it’s more interesting than just catching it normally?”
“I was getting a little bored, so I’ll give it a try.”
“Ah… this is turning into some kind of strange game…”
After slumping down as if he’d given up, my Father threw the twig I’d handed him once more. Then, Lady Filolial and the others all began mimicking its artistic flight path. Thus began the history of stick-catching, a competition of advanced skill.
“Still… even though it’s the day after a war, it feels strangely peaceful, doesn’t it?”
“In our previous loops, there was post-war cleanup, but daily life itself didn’t change that much. Or rather, doesn’t it feel like things are about to get really tough from here on out?”
Since we’ve just come out of the loop, my perception might be a bit off, but I think that’s probably how it’ll turn out. But as long as my Father and I are here, there’s nothing to fear.
“...That’s true. We haven’t completely eradicated Takt’s remnants yet, so I guess this just feels like a temporary break... Or rather, I’m not sure what we’re supposed to do.”
“There isn’t really that much for us to do.”
“Well, yeah. In the end, we’re taking on a Wave that could destroy the world. War and political maneuvering aren’t really a Hero’s job to begin with. So let’s get ready for the Wave, shall we?”
“Of course.”
And so, we strengthened our resolve to prepare for the Wave. Just as my Father said, we’ll overcome the Wave and save the world.
---
Three days later, after we’d finished breakfast, the people of Siltvelt came to see us. We were seated in the Orb room, and my Father agreed to hear what they had to say.
“Huh? A summons directly from Faubrey to us?”
“Yes. Based on matters concerning this war, issues regarding Takt, and matters related to Shieldfreeden, the message from Faubrey is that they wish to speak directly with the Shield Hero first.”
“Even though their own Hero caused the trouble… what a country, resting on its laurels thanks to the Hero’s legend,”
the influential figures muttered without mincing words. They’re probably right, but given the state of national affairs, they likely can’t say it outright.
All things considered, it seems the royal family of Faubrey actually has the bloodline of the Shield Hero mixed in. Given the scale of their religion and the degree of freedom they enjoy, Siltvelt is at a slight disadvantage. What’s more, the Siltvelt side seems to have a bit of a misunderstanding as well.
If I recall correctly, Takt was, after all, merely a “false hero” from Faubrey—he wasn’t exclusively bound to Faubrey. The problem is that the lines between these roles are hard to draw clearly.
Specifically, if Faubrey were to summon a hero and my Father were to be summoned, would Siltvelt recognize the Shield Hero as a hero of Faubrey? By that logic, my father, who was summoned to Melromarc, would have nowhere to stand. Well, what the people of Siltvelt are really saying is, “If you want to talk, you come here.”
“Well, since Faubrey has the portal coordinates, we can get there in less than a day.”
“That’s why we’re trying not to make a big deal out of it.”
“Oh… as expected of you, Heroes. We thank you for your mercy.”
The people of Siltvelt are bowing their heads in response to Father’s words.
“That said, Faubrey is also the country that Takt used as his base of operations… We’ll have to be very careful and watch out for any traps that might have been set.”
“That’s true. We can’t rule out the possibility that there might be others out there who could be called a ‘second’ or ‘third’ Takt.”
“What do you mean? Aren’t they just remnants of Takt’s forces?”
Oh? Did I not explain this to my Father? Ah… I believe he’s supposed to learn this information much later in the story.
“I think my Father has a vague idea of this, but you all have said that Takt was a spearhead sent by the mastermind behind the Waves… a reincarnated individual with a past life as a Japanese person.”
“Reincarnates… Takt’s ability allows him to monopolize the Seven Star Weapons… a power bestowed upon him by the mastermind behind ‘The Wave’… I see. You can’t exactly say that Takt is the only one like that.”
“In the first world, Takt had largely eliminated the other reincarnated beings, but in this world, he hasn’t managed to do so yet. Isn’t this a good opportunity for someone like that to rise to power?”
After all, those guys are fundamentally enemies. Just as Takt did, they’ll ruthlessly cut down anyone who gets in their way—even if they’re from the same hometown.
“True… but if we take too long, that could be dangerous in its own way.”
“You’re talking about the Heroes, but we have no idea what you’re referring to…”
The people around us are looking puzzled, sensing that we’re having a serious conversation. Well, stories about loops and reincarnated individuals are complicated and a hassle. It can’t be helped.
“Just from the vibe, I can tell that someone similar to that Takt guy—the one who started this war—is going to show up.”
“I’d say that’s pretty much spot on… A dangerous environment where those kinds of people can rise to power is taking shape, so either way, we need to go to Faubrey and put the whole world on high alert.”
“I see. It’s important not only to respond to that country’s challenges but also to make proposals of our own…”
“It’s necessary either way, so let’s do it.”
“Shall we go?”
“Yeah. Well, it might be a little dangerous, so it’s better to go with a small, elite team.”
So, that’s how it turned out: me, my Father, Yuki-chan, Sakura-chan, Kou, and the representatives of the Pandas and Shusaku races are heading to Faubrey. The Shusaku representatives will assist with the audience with the King of Faubrey. It’s the same position as what would be called the Queen of Melromarc in our world. There were others who threw a tantrum, begging to come along, but after some discussion, we asked them to stay behind.
“Big Sis—…”
“Don’t make that pathetic sound! It’s not like we’ll never see each other again!”
Panda’s subordinates are the same way. They’re well-behaved, but they’re like younger brothers who just want to tag along. I can understand how these guys feel, at least to some extent.
“Ugh, those guys just follow me around whenever something comes up…”
Panda is complaining.
“Doesn’t that just mean how much everyone looks up to you, Lasa?”
“Well, that’s true, I guess. But even now that I’m in a position handling this much work in Siltvelt, having them make voices like that at me…”
“I think I understand how you feel. I want them to become independent, but I can’t help thinking they’re kind of cute in their own way.”
“Tch!”
Panda looked slightly annoyed, but didn’t say anything more. My father-in-law is watching Panda like that. Come to think of it, my father-in-law actually prefers women who are caring and protective, like Older Sister. In that regard, doesn’t Panda fit the bill perfectly right now?
“Well then, let’s get going. Portal Spear!”
Using my teleportation skill, I activate the portal to Faubrey. In an instant, we were transported to the castle in Faubrey.
---
“Wow… I’d heard about it, but I didn’t realize it was this impressive…”
The representative of the Shusaku race let out a cry of surprise.
“The Portal Shield I have has a much shorter range than Motoyasu’s, after all.”
“It’s possible to share the teleportation coordinates. If you save them properly, even Father can use them.”
“Well, yes. But it feels kind of strange—or rather, it feels like a moment when I can truly realize that Motoyasu-kun has looped back and come to see us again.”
Come to think of it, that’s true. Back then, the only route I could travel was from Melromarc to Siltvelt. Compared to that, the number of places I can go has increased significantly. From Father’s perspective, it’s probably true that my range has suddenly expanded.
In that sense, I’m not the same person I was back then. I’ve gotten a lot more powerful! As I am now, I could destroy a hundred or two hundred of Takt’s minions, even if they came at me in a swarm. I’d take them out in one fell swoop, just like last time.
“Then let’s go and pay our respects to King Faubrey right away.”
“Is there any chance the castle has already been overrun?”
We should definitely be a bit more on our guard. At the very least, Takt might try something like that. Just like in the first world, you know.
“You’re right. A lot of Takt’s remnants have high levels…”
“Well, I’ll take them down in a flash. But I’m not all-powerful. You and my father should be careful.”
Come to think of it, has my father learned “Shooting Star Shield”—that skill that creates an easy-to-defend barrier? As far as I know, that was based on the Meteorite Shield you can get from the weapons shop in Melromarc or copy in Zeltoble. I’ll have to check that out later.
Well, even if another guy like Takt shows up and sets a trap… I’m not the least bit afraid of All Cannon Fire these days. I’ll wipe them all out before they even get a chance to open fire.
Chapter 862 - A huge amount of money [2018/01/23 10:00]
So, without further ado, we’ll head straight into Faubrey Castle to request an audience. It should be about time he’s awake by now. We timed our arrival just right. If we’d gone in the afternoon, King Faubrey would undoubtedly still have been asleep, and we’d have been kept waiting. King Faubrey, who had summoned us, seemed slightly surprised by our arrival, but he handled it fairly quickly, and we were granted an audience with him.
“Hahaha… Well met, Shield Hero and Spear Hero. I am King Faubrey!”
Just like before, a raucous fanfare rings out. Oh, so he’s still alive. He still looks like a monster, as always. But he’s surprisingly competent.
I scan the room, looking for the minister who usually steps in to defend Takt. …He’s not here. Well, since the Takt commotion is already starting to die down, I suppose he’s already been dealt with? My father nudges me in the side and asks,
“What’s that? A human? A Therianthrope? It’s a race I’ve never seen before, I suppose…”
He seems at a loss for words as he asks me anxiously. So I answer just as I did back then.
“I don’t know. But I’ve heard that those chosen as heroes generation after generation are either married into the royal family or otherwise incorporated into the bloodline.”
“So the royal family of Faubrey is essentially a lineage that condenses the bloodlines of the Four Holy Heroes and the Seven Star Heroes from generation to generation? It just looks to me like a big mix—all sorts of things reacting with each other.”
Hahaha, that’s my Father for you. I think that’s pretty much the gist of it. You could say they’re the ultimate hybrid—a natural chimera—born from the excessive mixing of humans, Demi-Humans, and Therianthropes.
As we’re talking about this, King Faubrey is acting just as he always does, licking his lips as he looks at Yuki-chan and the others. Yuki-chan, Sakura-chan, and Kou are all licking their lips in a similar way, just like before. If you eat something like that, you’ll get an upset stomach, you know?
“W-what’s with these guys? They’re acting weird.”
“If you reversed your panda transformation, wouldn’t you be able to fit right in with the group?”
“No way, what’s the point of doing something so pointless?”
By the way, my Father has already seen the panda in its pig-form. I’m not interested, so I didn’t look, though.
“Even if that lecherous, cruel king takes a liking to us… well, let’s just say I’d rather he didn’t.”
After exchanging a few quiet remarks like that, we’ll introduce ourselves. I’ll go first!
“My name is Motoyasu Kitamura! I’m The Love Hunter!”
“And… the Spear Hero, who made a tremendous contribution to ending the foolish war started by Shieldfreeden.”
The representative of the Shusaku race explained something after I spoke. When I looked in that direction, for some reason, my Father was giving a thumbs-up.
“I’m Werner, one of the four representatives of the Siltvelt… though I’ve already introduced myself, haven’t I? Well then, Shield Hero—”
“My name is Naofumi Iwatani, summoned as the Shield Hero. Also with me are Sakura-chan, Yuki-chan, Kou, and Rasasusa-san.”
I’m introducing the members who are currently active as my companions. Seeing this, the Pig King seems to be in a good mood for some reason.
“Buhahaha… Well done on fending off countless conspiracies and battles to arrive here in Faubrey in such fine style. The Shield Hero and Spear Hero. Um… well, I’m sure you’re aware, but this time it concerns the war sparked by the conspiracies and grudges of Takt, Alsaholn, and Faubrey.”
“Yes.”
My Father is nodding, but his gaze is fixed on the cheat sheet prepared by the Pig King’s subordinates. He’s looking at it with a skeptical expression, as if to ask if this is really going to be okay. So, I nod at my Father to reassure him that it’ll be fine.
“First, we must confirm the perspective of the Shield Heroes and Spear Heroes. Would you mind explaining this incident from the very beginning?”
“O-okay. Um…”
My Father seems to be organizing his thoughts on where to start before explaining.
“After being summoned to Melromarc and going through all sorts of things, we arrived in Siltvelt. There, we were granted an audience with the Claw Hero, one of the Seven Star Heroes of Siltvelt.”
“It’s only natural for the Seven Star Heroes to greet the Shield Hero and Spear Hero now that they’ve finally arrived.”
“Yes. That’s when Motoyasu, the Spear Hero, saw through the Claw Hero’s disguise. Then, the monster posing as the Claw Hero revealed its true form.”
That was actually Beastrans reacting on its own… but if I explain in detail, I might give away too much, so I’m just giving the gist of it. That creature is undoubtedly the fox under Takt’s command.
“After defeating the monster, we were intensifying our search for the real Hero of the Claw when Takt arrived, claiming it was for diplomatic purposes, intending to coordinate our efforts to take on the Wave. Looking back now, it was likely so he could confirm that the monster—his own hand-picked subordinate—had been killed.”
“Hmm…”
“And so, after confirming the monster’s corpse, Takt tried to ambush us and trap us right before the wave struck. Fortunately, we turned the tables on him and defeated Takt, but in the process, all of his subordinates fled, and they started a war in revenge—that is the full story behind this upheaval.”
“I see… Indeed, the Shield Hero’s account does align with the testimony from the Siltvelt side. It seems there’s no doubt that the root cause of this incident lies entirely with Takt’s side.”
At that moment, my Father confided in me that he had secretly wondered, “Is this king really thinking before he answers?” Apparently, it’s because he had simply regurgitated what my Father had said. Indeed, mere consistency with what Siltvelt said isn’t proof in and of itself.
This is—well, you know. It’s the kind of situation where the answer has already been decided in advance.
“We’ve already taken various steps regarding this matter. We’re currently tracking down members of factions under Takt’s influence and freezing their powers. They’ve been acting far too recklessly.”
The members of the Takt faction have only one goal. It’s revenge against us for taking down Takt, the man who let them do whatever they pleased. They’re a truly foolish lot. I’ll wipe out every last one of them who wastes their time on such futile endeavors.
“Fortunately, it seems there are some leaking information. They’ve determined they can identify most of them.”
This is just like that, isn’t it? There are pigs of the same kind as the Crimson Swine, who flip-flop the moment the Wind changes. Pigs are pigs after all, but I can tell the difference in their behavior. There are even some useful ones among them, like Lazy Pigs and Stalker Pigs.
“So, what happened to the guy who was the representative of Shieldfreeden?”
When I asked, King Faubrey furrowed his brow. I’m pretty sure there was a guy like that. He was in cahoots with Takt and was manipulating Shieldfreeden, wasn’t he?
“The story goes that after losing the war, once it came to light that he’d started it by lying and deceiving people, he fled somewhere with a vast fortune and items of great magical value. We’re still tracking him down.”
“A vast fortune… Do you think he’ll be all right?”
“That’s a concern of mine as well. Um… I hear it’s on par with the national budget.”
“It’s hopeless—they’ll slip up and run as soon as they’re exposed.”
“That’s certainly true. That said, shouldn’t the handling of Shieldfreeden, with that man at its head, already have been entrusted to Siltvelt?”
“Yes, it has been decided that our nation, Siltvelt, will issue a call for surrender to them, and they have agreed to accept it.”
The Shusaku clan agreed with King Faubrey’s statement. Well, that’s the end of Shieldfreeden, then.
“However… the problem lies with the factions on the run—including the former representative of Shieldfreeden—and those who have secretly allied themselves with Takt. I’ve determined that we have no choice but to continue rooting them out.”
“I suppose so.”
They really are a hopeless bunch. This is entirely my fault. It’s a real blow that we didn’t wipe out the Takt faction back then…
“The loss of the Bow Hero’s life due to this pointless conflict is also extremely grave. Therefore, both the Kingdom of Faubrey and the Kingdom of Siltvelt have decided to place a bounty on the remaining members of the Takt faction.”
Oh? So this is what’s commonly known as a nationwide wanted notice, isn’t it? All things considered, isn’t it rare in this world for someone to be wanted on this scale? Even during the incident where my Father’s Finacée was kidnapped, the search only extended as far as the vicinity of Melromarc.
As for the Crimson Swine… I believe a bounty was placed on him on a global scale, wasn’t it? But in that case, it was just the queen personally offering the reward, so the scale is completely different from a major crime with a formal warrant issued by Faubrey.
“Those who harbor individuals believed to belong to the faction will face severe punishment, while those who provide decisive information or capture the remnants will be awarded a substantial bounty.”
It seems that the moment it comes to light that someone is harboring a fugitive, it becomes a crime severe enough to warrant harsh punishment for the entire family. With this, the members of the Takt faction won’t be able to step into the public eye. The only time they’ll come out is when they face Judgment.
“We extend our gratitude to King Faubrey, Siltvelt, the Shield Hero, and the Spear Hero…”
“Very well. We, too, have ended up saddled with a rather troublesome self-proclaimed hero. All we can do is hope for the swift capture of the remnants… Bwahahahaha.”
This explains it, doesn’t it? It’s exactly why he’s the Pig King—he’s licking his lips, eager to devour his prey. And so, at the Pig King’s orders, the Takt faction became wanted not just in Faubrey, but all over the world.
“As for the rest… well. I’m assigning the two of the Four Holy Heroes the task of quelling the waves across the world. I want you to continue your activities. Faubrey will also assist the heroes in their efforts.”
“Ah, yes.”
This is an issue we simply must address. That said, as long as I’m here, along with Father and Lord Filolial and the others, it shouldn’t be a problem we can’t handle. And so, we were asked to deal with the remnants of the Takt faction and to participate in the Waves.
“Is there anything else? Buhahaha.”
“Well…”
My father looked at me, nodded, and then turned his gaze to the Pig King.
“Um… Motoyasu, the Spear Hero, can see events that might occur in the future through his special spear.”
Since it’s hard to get people to easily believe that we’ve been looping time over and over, my Father said later that this was just a starting point. In fact, based on my looping experiences so far, I can do things that resemble precognition.
“I see… Does the Spear Hero possess such a power?”
“Yes. That power was also involved when I saw through the monster that Takt had been raising.”
“Hmm…”
Now’s my chance. I’ll step forward a bit here.
“The future is like looking at countless branching worlds. For example, there was a world where, based on a single choice in how we proceeded, Faubrey ended up under Takt’s control.”
“Something like that?”
“I think you have plenty of clues, don’t you? If Takt—with all those crimes to his name—had continued to expand his influence without ever showing his true colors, what do you think would have happened?”
“The possibility isn’t zero, but it’s a bit too late to be talking about it now. Buhahaha.”
“I won’t deny that.”
It’s very difficult to get people to believe in the future. It’s just like how you can’t win Ren and Itsuki over without making use of various factors.
“But… thanks to that power, I was helped when I escaped from Melromarc.”
This is where my father steps in to give me a push. Just as I’d expect from him. In this world, I was desperate to save my father. After all, out of all the worlds, I barely made it in time here.
“Our subordinates have also testified that the Spear Hero possesses such power. Siltvelt has determined that dismissing this as a lie would be foolish.”
“Hahaha… Well, it would be nice if you could tell me something about the future.”
Hmm… Was there any information about a promising future involving the Pig King? The only future that comes to mind is one where I might be disposed of by Takt. The best I can do is feed him to the pigs.
“…Apparently, there are countless beings like Takt in this world.”
Just as I was struggling to come up with a reply, my Father explained it like that.
“There are a second and third Takt in this world?”
“Yes. The story goes that assassins dispatched to this world by the mastermind behind the Waves are lying in wait… It’s said those individuals possess the power to steal Seven Star Weapons and the like…”
“Certainly, if that’s true, they could pose a significant threat, but…”
“Your Majesty? They have characteristics similar to Takt’s, you know? You understand, right?”
My father, having sensed the Pig King’s preferences, spoke in a suggestive tone.
“Why not just summon the Seven-Star Heroes on a global scale? If they can conclusively prove they’re the rightful owners, that would serve as proof for us too, and we could narrow things down quite a bit based on the Second Takt, right?”
The Pig King’s eyes lit up at Father’s reply. He’s convinced he’s going to get his hands on a pig.
“Buhahaha. Sounds good. Then let’s summon all the already-selected Seven-Star Heroes to Faubrey. Anyone who ignores the summons will be deemed an evil threat to world peace, and a hefty bounty will be placed on their heads. We’ll root out every Seven-Star Hero on a global scale.”
“Assuming nothing in particular has happened during this period… isn’t there someone lurking around here who possesses a Seven-Star Weapon of the Throwing Type?”
I said this while pulling out a map. Based on my experience with the loops so far, that’s a distinct possibility.
“The adventurer who’s been rising to prominence in that area is ‘Black.’”
Since his official name is unclear, let’s just answer that way. I’m pretty sure his name was something like “Cola” or something like that… but I’ve forgotten.
“Then let’s have it verified.”
As the Pig King raises his hand, Faubrey’s covert unit comes into view.
“Go and gather evidence.”
“‘Yes, sir!’”
With that, they vanished.
“I hope the prophecy of the Spear Hero proves true. Well then, I’ll take my leave… Bwahahaha.”
And just like that, the audience with the Pig King came to an end. It seems the conversation went smoothly, but Father looks exhausted.
Chapter 863 - The Embodiment of Sex [2018/01/30 10:00]
After leaving the audience chamber, Father sat down in a chair in the room we were led to, looking exhausted.
“Phew… Well, at least it looks like we’ll be able to prove our innocence.”
“I think the conversation itself went smoothly.”
“That’s true. But, how should I put it… he’s quite the king in many ways.”
“I agree with you on that point, Shield Hero.”
The representative of the Shusaku race nodded. After all, this fellow is a native of this world. He must know quite a lot.
“It’s a rare experience to have the chance to see the ‘Lustful and Violent King’ in person, though…”
“That’s quite the nickname.”
“Well, he’s got all sorts of rumors and a colorful history, after all.”
I hear he had a peculiar hobby of abusing and embracing countless pigs? If we manage to capture Takt alive, he’d be the best person to handle those pigs. It’s precisely because we know Takt is dead this time that it’s so difficult to identify the pigs around him. In this regard, we have no choice but to rely on the Pig King’s ability to distinguish between his own pigs.
“There’s that famous quote from the King: ‘The more you torment them, the tighter they get,’ isn’t there?”
My Father has taught me all sorts of things, from the characteristics of the Shusaku breed to the Pig King’s famous sayings. He’s quite an impressive pig in many ways. I have my reservations, but let’s keep him alive as long as he’s useful.
“I mean, is he really okay in every sense?”
“As long as we keep feeding him pork, he’s harmless.”
Hmm? Something about the unspoken parts of the previous loop feels a bit off. What is this memory?
A while after the wave ended, when I was staying in Faubrey, I feel like the Filolial I was raising went to visit the Pig King… and became friends with him. I can’t quite remember her face, but she was pestering King Faubrey while calling him “Piggy, Piggy.” Eventually, something happened that made me fly into a rage and storm in—and the scene I witnessed was… the Pig King clinging to me, crying as if begging for his life, looking utterly shocked… It must be some kind of mistake.
For me to not be able to remember Her Highness Filolial’s name or face… ugh… Is it that I’m mistaken, or that I’ve simply forgotten? For some reason, the image of the Pig King’s aides trying to get their work done while stifling their laughter is stuck in my mind. There’s no doubt my memory is vague.
But for now, I need to explain this to my Father. Right… let’s talk about that.
“Apparently, his taste in men is like a mix of Ren and Itsuki, divided by two.”
“What kind of useless trivia is that…? I mean, does that king go for men too?”
“He’s the embodiment of sexuality, isn’t he?”
“I can’t really deny it. Well, it doesn’t seem like there’s any direct harm to us, so I guess it’s okay…?”
He seems a bit skeptical, but Father appears to have accepted it for now. Well, at the very least, he’s never been hostile toward us, so I think we’ll be fine. Even if he were to become hostile, I have no intention of losing to someone who’d only be able to handle Takt at best.
“They’ve promised substantial aid to the Heroes, haven’t they? It seems they’ll provide just about any kind of assistance.”
“That’d be a big help, but…”
Even considering that point, they’re not a bad partner to have. Oh? Panda is seizing the moment to draw money in the air with his hands.
“Lasa, I understand how you feel, but calm down.”
“What’s wrong with that? Having unlimited money to spend boosts motivation, and there’s no need to be shy about it. After all, there’s no limit to how much good gear you can get.”
“That’s the opinion of a mercenary on the payroll. It sounds just like one of those online game equipment discussions. I was sure you’d say something about using your power to live in luxury.”
“I think that’s fine, too. Shouldn’t we lay the groundwork while we still have the money?”
“Well, when it comes to armor, there are some excellent items that drop, but if you want something even better—whether it’s materials or anything else—money is absolutely essential.”
The most impressive armor I’ve ever seen was the one my Father wore at the very end of the first world. That was the kind of item that could only be completed by combining the world’s finest materials and craftsmen. You could say it’s the pinnacle. Above all, some weapon enhancements require money, after all. You can never have enough money. I suppose these were the reasons why my father in the first world was so obsessed with money.
“As for weapons, the hero can probably handle them on their own, but once you’ve gathered a party, you can’t take that lightly.”
By the way, I really enjoy putting together equipment for Lady Filolial. Claws are the standard gear, but each of Lady Filolial’s companions has their own preferred weapon.
“I’m not sure about stretching the interpretation to include permission for luxury… but it seems like a complex issue.”
“Well, as for me, my body is my most valuable asset, so I want to eat well and build up my strength.”
“Yes, we’d be delighted if you’d work closely with the Hero.”
Just as the Shusaku representative agreed with Panda, Panda suddenly straightened up with a start.
“N-no, that’s not what I meant!”
“Ah… I feel like my expectations are being misinterpreted in a weird way. We’ve completely gone off track here.”
And so, we managed to secure a promise of aid from Faubrey as well. With this, wouldn’t you say the issue with Takt is more or less resolved?
“Well… there are still various other matters to tackle, like facing the waves, but given our connection to the place, should we go inspect Shieldfreeden, which we once occupied?”
“That country is also in the midst of chaos. I think we should wait and see a little longer…”
“You could argue that’s precisely why we should go, couldn’t you? We need to capture the representative who’s on the run, right? Even if he is wanted by the authorities.”
“That’s certainly true, but…”
That’s right. Those guys are pretty high-level, after all. Your average knight or adventurer wouldn’t stand a chance against them.
“The Hero has to take on the Waves, and we can’t just ignore the Waves in the Shieldfreeden region just because things are chaotic. If the Takt faction is wreaking havoc there, we need to set things right even more so.”
Just as I’d expect from my Father. You’re saying that just because the enemy was in control doesn’t mean it’s okay for the people living there to suffer.
“What a hassle… Can’t we just show up when the waves hit?”
“Well… that’s true, but now that we’ve won, it’ll work to our advantage if we take care of a few things. According to what Motoyasu-kun found out, faith is apparently part of a Hero’s power.”
That’s right. My father used to say that trusting others and being trusted by them also strengthens us.
“Besides, it’d be a real pain if we got hindered by the citizens of Shieldfreeden right in the middle of a wave.”
“You guys are the Heroes, right? How could that even happen?”
“It can happen, you know?”
After all, the First World’s Father was once attacked by the Knights of Melromarc even though he was conducting rescue operations during the First Wave. So it’s not entirely implausible that the locals might try to hinder the Hero’s activities.
“It seems Motoyasu has a hunch about this.”
“Of course I do.”
“Huh… So there really are people out there who are completely fearless…”
“That’s just how it is. That tendency becomes even stronger, especially in enemy nations.”
“Attacking the Hero in the chaos of the waves is a barbaric act so heinous it wouldn’t be forgiven even if the penalty were death, but if it’s under the pretext of inspecting Shieldfreeden and dealing with the remnants of Takt, then I can accept it.”
The representative of the Shusaku race agreed as well. He seems a bit uneasy, but leave it to me.
“Siltvelt has no intention of withholding its cooperation with the Hero’s activities.”
“Yeah. Ultimately, we’d like to keep Shieldfreeden nicely in check.”
For these reasons, we decided to return to Siltvelt from Faubrey before heading to Shieldfreeden. But before that… well.
“Come to think of it, while it’s understandable that Itsuki is dead, is there a reason no one’s asked about Ren, the Sword Hero?”
“According to intelligence from Melromarc, it’s been confirmed that the Sword Hero, who didn’t participate in the battle, is currently active in the Zeltoble area, so I hear Faubrey avoided forcing him to report for duty.”
“Well, it is Ren, after all. I seem to recall he was quite dissatisfied with his treatment in Melromarc and said he was going to flee to Zeltoble.”
“Huh? Motoyasu, did you meet Ren?”
“That’s right… It was before this loop, but I believe I met him after the first wave from Melromarc that summoned us.”
It’s starting to come back to me now. After his comrades were beaten to death by someone impersonating his Father, and then the people of Melromarc reprimanded him—using my strength as a benchmark—for not training hard enough, he finally reached his breaking point.
“He casually mentioned seeking asylum in Zeltoble, so I’m sure that’s correct.”
“Huh… Well, given Melromarc’s attitude, I guess it can’t be helped… With the Eclair incident as well, it looks like we’ll have to step in and quell the Melromarc wave ourselves.”
That Trash has already been ousted, after all. The Pope of the Three Heroes Church has also been dealt with. I suppose that means the Queen has already returned home. If that’s the case, we can probably expect public order to be restored to some extent. At the very least, there shouldn’t be any incidents where we’re attacked immediately after being summoned.
“I’ll show you I can quell the unrest right away.”
“Yeah, that’s right. We might end up having to ask Motoyasu-kun for help.”
“What about Naofumi and Sakura?”
“We’re here too, you know.”
“Kou too—”
“Everyone’s counting on you. Do your best.”
“Yeah—I’ll do my best!”
My father gently strokes Sakura-chan’s head. Oh… what a lovely sight.
But Sakura-chan is Filo-tan. I’ve been putting this completely on the back burner, but I really should start thinking about how to turn Sakura-chan into Filo-tan. It’s a problem I need to take quite seriously…
“That’s right! Since we’re here, how about we scout a Doctor in Faubrey!?”
The Doctor is a leading expert on monsters. The chances that he possesses enough wisdom to easily turn Sakura-chan into Filo-tan are… low, but it can’t hurt to ask. Besides, health checkups for the Filolials are important, after all. Well, Yuki-chan and the others seemed a little uncomfortable about it, but health is important.
“What’s with the sudden change of subject, Motoyasu-kun?”
“While the investigation into Shieldfreeden is important, since we’ve come all the way to Faubrey, I don’t think it’d hurt to reach out to a Doctor who could be useful in the future.”
“A Doctor, huh? Is he in Faubrey?”
“That’s right. Normally, he’d have been driven out by Takt and come to the estate of my Father in Melromarc, but since we defeated Takt…”
“Huh… What kind of person is he, exactly?”
“He used to take care of Lady Filolial’s health. He’s also done research on Lady Filolial in the past.”
That reminds me of when the four heroes came to Faubrey. We had a heated debate with a Filolial producer back then. If we could get his help, it might not be impossible to turn Sakura-chan into a Filo-tan.
“Well, if he’s someone we can rely on, maybe we should ask him? After all, we have a lot of Filolials among us, and it’d be a real problem if any of them got sick.”
“Our monster doctors here in Siltvelt are quite skilled, though.”
“But you’re saying, Motoyasu-kun, that you know someone even better. It might be a good idea to at least have him come talk to us or something like that.”
The Doctor’s skills are undeniable. Moreover, he’s a man of such character that even my Father from the first world acknowledges him. Well, he does seem to place a bit too much emphasis on safety, but that’s also a testament to his skill.
“Understood. If you say the Hero is needed for the battles ahead… I’ll submit a request to Faubrey. Since we have King Faubrey’s permission, it should be approved.”
“So, Motoyasu, shall we go see this Doctor?”
“Understood.”
This brings us one step closer to Filo-chan. So, before heading back to Siltvelt, we decided to go to Faubrey to settle things with the Doctor.
---
Relying on our memories, we head toward the district where Faubrey’s Doctor is located. Yuki-chan and the others are watching with keen interest.
It brings back memories. From what I can see… there doesn’t seem to be any damage. In the loop from the last time I visited Faubrey, the folks at the Homunculus Research Institute went on a rampage and caused an accident. So far, there doesn’t appear to be any damage.
“There are so many different monsters here, it almost feels like a zoo. They might actually be pretty skilled, though.”
“Huh… I remember traveling to all sorts of places, but this is a pretty unusual spot.”
“You’re a mercenary, after all. Do you go on all kinds of adventures too?”
“I’ve done a bit of treasure hunting… but most of it’s just commissions. Basically, stuff like gathering medicinal herbs growing in remote areas or escorting merchants. Fighting monsters to level up is important too, but if you’re an adventurer long enough, your level goes up on its own.”
“Huh…”
“Well, one of the real thrills is hunting down rare monsters or something like that, then selling their materials for money.”
And so, Panda is having a lively conversation with his Father. Since Father is a great listener, Panda is really opening up.
“Don’t you have any interest in dressing up and working as a street vendor or something?”
Chapter 864 - One of a Kind [2018/02/06 10:00]
"What are you talking about?"
That's strange. As far as I know, Panda used to do that kind of work with Keel, even though he hated it. I remember him saying he didn't want to do it, but deep down, it was actually the kind of work he wanted to do.
As we chatted like that on our way there, we passed through the zoo and arrived at the mansion. A staff member came out to greet us. Then we were asked to wait inside the mansion. Father was looking at something that resembled a culture capsule set up inside the mansion, together with Sakura-chan.
“I thought it was just like a zoo, but places like this really do feel like another world.”
“You’re absolutely right.”
When the Doctor came to the village, there was equipment like this in the research lab, too. Back in the first world, my Father and the others had also modified the bio-plants to make them more convenient.
“The last time I was here, while we were waiting like this, I talked with my Father about how it looked like research facilities from a disaster movie.”
“That’s exactly right—it doesn’t seem like something you could joke about. The zoo section is practically like a dinosaur park, isn’t it? If an accident were to happen… I’m sure we could easily escape.”
“Hmm? Escape?”
“No, not exactly. But in my world, there are a lot of stories where dangerous research like this leads to accidents.”
“Huh.”
“Do accidents actually happen?”
Yuki-chan asks her Father.
“I think it’ll be fine? But typically, it’s the kind of scenario where monsters go on a rampage.”
“They didn’t strike me as the type to do something so reckless. They really cherished this place.”
“Maybe being able to talk to monsters takes the edge off the tension. That said, the scary ones in this kind of scenario are probably bacterial zombies or research that destroys a monster’s sense of self, right?”
“I hear a voice hoping for some kind of bizarre accident.”
The Doctor appeared at just the right moment. Were you eavesdropping or something?
“That sort of thing is caused by dreamers who lack understanding, or researchers who haven’t built trust with their test subjects.”
“Uh, uh… I’m sorry.”
“It’s fine. I know full well that few people will understand anyway. Welcome to my office—are you the party of the Shield and Spear Heroes?”
“Yes. My name is Naofumi Iwatani, and I was summoned as the Shield Hero. The one holding the spear is Motoyasu Kitamura, the Spear Hero. We’re also joined by Ms. Rasazusa, a Guardian Knight of Siltvelt, and Mr. Werner, the representative of the Shusaku species.”
Then my Father spreads his arms wide, as if to introduce Sakura-chan and the others. Oh, so he’s giving Sakura-chan and the others special treatment! Well, that’s only natural. Though, if anything, it might be because their Doctor happens to be a monster enthusiast.
“And these children are Filolials who have transformed thanks to being raised by the Heroes.”
“Nice to meet you.”
“Hmm…”
“H-hello.”
One by one, Yuki and the others greet my Father as he instructs them.
“Thank you for coming all this way. My name is Ratotille Anthreya. Close friends call me Rat. I’m the representative here, for what it’s worth.”
The Doctor replied to us in a welcoming tone.
“So? What brings you here? If you’d like me to examine those children, I’d be happy to do so.”
“This one’s skills are top-notch. However, I’d prefer you avoid any forceful examinations.”
“That depends on my interest. That said, a Filolial that’s taking human form is certainly a subject of interest.”
With keen interest, the Doctor stares intently at Yuki-chan.
“Yuki-chan, if you struggle, they’ll drug you so you can’t move, so you’d better behave.”
“O-okay! As a noble being, I’ll make sure not to act in an unladylike manner in a setting like this.”
That’s Yuki-chan for you. Her overflowing nobility really shines through.
“Very well, then. Please refrain from conducting the examination too forcefully.”
“Yes, yes. I get it.”
With that, the Doctor began examining Yuki-chan. Along the way, he had Yuki-chan return to her Filolial form and did various other things, but even after she struggled, he didn’t end up drugging her. As expected, the Doctor is someone who can be reasoned with.
“Well, just from seeing the first one, I had a general idea, but she’s the picture of health.”
“Yuki-chan, you were such a good girl—you stayed still.”
“Yes. Motoyasu-sama, Yuki has accomplished her mission.”
“Hmm…”
Sakura-chan furrowed her brow slightly, and Kou looked a bit uncomfortable. They look like they’d rather not do this, don’t they?
“Both of you, calm down. If you don’t struggle, the doctor will be able to examine you properly.”
“But—…”
“Nooo—”
Maybe they’re instinctively afraid of doctors. But this is all for Sakura-chan and Kou’s own good, you know.
“It’s okay if you struggle, though. If you do, we’ll just be able to collect data on that, too.”
Saying things like that, the Doctor gave Sakura-chan and Kou a thorough examination. Perhaps thanks to her Father staying by their side to calm them down, both Sakura-chan and Kou managed to hold their ground.
“Hmm, hmm. So this is the Filolial variant, then. I see.”
Saying that, the Doctor jotted down some notes.
“So, you mentioned you had business with me—what might that be?”
“Well, conducting health checks on Filolial in case of an emergency is a given, but there are various other matters as well.”
“So, Motoyasu-kun had business other than having Sakura-chan and the others examined?”
“Of course.”
You could even say that’s the main reason. After all, the Doctor is the best in that field.
“So, what do you want from Rat-san?”
“That would be Filo-tan, of course.”
“Huh…? Ah… I see. Sakura-chan and the others, please wait outside the room for a bit. Rasa-san and Werner, please.”
“Got it. You guys, let’s go.”
“What are you guys going to talk about?”
“Hmm?”
“Can’t Kou and the others listen in?”
“We’re going to be discussing something a bit complicated. It’ll be boring for you, so I’d like you to wait outside.”
I guess Father was being considerate—he shooed Sakura-chan and the others out. Then, with a slightly exasperated look on his face, he gestured with his hand for us to continue the conversation.
“So? What’s this all about, out of the blue?”
“It’s a long story, but it seems Motoyasu-kun has experienced the same period of time in this world over and over again—we call that a ‘loop.’ Actually, it seems he’s met Rat-san many times before.”
“That’s right.”
“It’s hard to believe at first, but I think I heard a little about it around the time of the Takt incident in Siltvelt—the one that started in Melromarc. The story about how the Spear Hero can foresee the future.”
“Yes, there were all sorts of complications with that matter…”
“What about that ‘Filotan’ you mentioned earlier?”
“Filotan is just Filotan, you know.”
“Motoyasu isn’t very good at explaining things, so please wait a moment.”
My Father called me out on it. Well, it’s true that whenever I’ve interrupted him while he was talking, it’s almost never gone well. I guess I’ll just have to keep quiet, won’t I?
“So, here’s the thing. Motoyasu has a very important Filolial, and her name is Filo.”
“Hmm. How does that tie in?”
“It seems this girl named Filo is someone Sakura-chan might become in another loop. I think Motoyasu-kun came here to consult with Rat-san about how to turn Sakura-chan—who’s already grown up—into that girl named Filo.”
Wow, that’s my Father for you. You’ve pretty much said everything I wanted to tell my Doctor.
“Exactly.”
“I wonder if I should be impressed by the Shield Hero’s insight—to figure that much out from such limited clues—or just be exasperated by the Spear Hero for suddenly throwing such a massive problem at me.”
“I’m sorry to spring this on you out of the blue…”
“It’s fine, though. After all, you’ve brought me a subject I’m somewhat interested in, and it looks like it could be an interesting case.”
Oh, it seems the Doctor is willing to go along with this.
“I’ve been feeling a bit stressed myself, so I need to blow off some steam with something interesting like this.”
“Did something happen?”
“Well, the Shield Hero and Spear Hero are indirectly involved, but I suppose you could call it the aftermath of the commotion surrounding the former Whip Hero.”
Takt, is it? Is that guy still causing trouble? I’m really getting sick of it.
“There was this guy from the Homunculus Research Institute—the one in the white lab coat who looked younger than his age—whom I considered a rival. As soon as he found out Takt had been killed, he abandoned his post and apparently took some equipment and ran off somewhere. And he’s still missing… or rather, is he on the run now?”
“The remnants of the Takt faction?”
“That’s right. Who knows where they fled to… Cleaning up their mess, handling requests for assistance from all sides—all sorts of things. For various reasons, Faubrey was in total chaos.”
I see… It really does hurt that we weren’t able to take down Takt properly. I suppose that just shows how large his faction is. The Doctor raises both hands in a visibly exasperated manner as she replies.
“Conferences and presentations will be postponed for a while. It’s been a nightmare. Well, I suppose it’s a relief that the commotion has calmed down somewhat, thanks to the Shield Hero and Spear Hero bringing an end to the war.”
“Really, they were treating the world as their personal fiefdom, weren’t they?”
“The quickest solution is to hunt them all down and kill them. That’s how it’s always been, and how it’ll always be.”
“Though advocating murder isn’t exactly a commendable thing to do…”
My Father is such a kind man. Takt really ought to be grateful for this mercy, shouldn’t he? Well, knowing Takt, he’ll probably just trample all over it.
“So, going back to what we were talking about earlier—you mean you want to raise Filolial, who was born and raised here, all over again, right?”
“Yes. I think that’s the idea… Is there something you’d like to ask?”
My father asked, assuming something rather far-fetched.
“Hmm… Off the top of my head, I have one realistic idea. There’s also one that’s a bit of a pipe dream, but a hero might be able to pull it off.”
“Is there?”
“Though I can’t guarantee you’ll be satisfied with the result.”
“Please tell me anyway—I’d like to hear it as a reference, no matter what.”
“Alright, let’s start with the realistic one.”
Saying that, the Doctor crossed her arms again and replied.
“One option is to collect biological data from a girl named Sakura, create a homunculus or clone from it, and raise it. In short, it’s a method of creating a copy from scratch and turning her into a girl named Filo.”
“Ah… I see. I’m not exactly an expert on Ren, but I think I get the gist of it.”
“If you say it depends on how she’s raised and her environment, then as long as we can mimic those conditions, it should be possible to get pretty close, right?”
“This is starting to sound a bit insane, though…”
My Father looks at me. So, we’re going to create a copy based on Sakura-chan and raise her to be Filo-tan? Hmm…
“So that means, if it goes well, we could create countless copies of Filo-chan, right?”
“In theory, yes. But… it’s going to be a pretty creepy sight. There are already so many Filolials as it is…”
“The catch is, the only way to verify if they’re genuine in terms of their souls is to have the Spear Hero observe them.”
Hearing the Doctor say that makes me wonder. Motoyasu, are you really satisfied with that? Would a Filo-tan created that way be the real thing? Is mass-producing fake Filo-tans what your idea of love is?
“That’s not it at all! Filo-tan is a one-of-a-kind being. She’s the only angel of love in this world.”
Even if there were countless Filo-tans, there’s only one real one. That’s my love.
“Well… that might actually be for the best. I wouldn’t want to see that either.”
“But then, that idea suddenly becomes completely unrealistic, doesn’t it?”
“What’s that idea?”
I’ll decide whether it’s realistic or not after I hear it. After all, having plenty of ideas isn’t a bad thing.
“Find or create one of those elixirs of youth you hear about in all kinds of stories, and have that girl take it until she turns into a baby bird.”
“Whoa… That does seem pretty unrealistic, doesn’t it? If you ask me, even being summoned to another world is on the same level as a work of fiction, so I can’t completely rule it out.”
“To a hero, this world itself is full of mysteries… That’s quite a difficult concept to grasp.”
“Motoyasu-kun, do you know anything about elixirs of youth?”
“An elixir of youth, you say?”
To be honest, I don’t know anything about such a potion either. Back when it was a game, it might have been a quest item or something, but I don’t remember the details that clearly. Ah, but I do remember something my Father used to say.
“I don’t know if the one called the ‘elixir of immortality’ is true, but I do know of it.”
“He knew of an even more suspicious one. But it didn’t work out in the end, did it?”
“I see.”
“That said, I’m not giving up.”
“Not giving up is one of Motoyasu-kun’s strengths, but this particular situation…”
“Well, there’s one more option. It’s a pretty drastic method, but what if you made that girl Sakura lose her memory? We haven’t figured out exactly what criteria Filolial uses to determine their human forms, but if it’s based on her personality up until that point, it might work.”
“So you’re telling me to somehow make Sakura-chan lose her memory? That’s impossible.”
I can’t just go around needlessly injuring Filolial-sama. Even with Filo-tan, putting her to sleep on Father’s orders is about as far as I’ll go.
“Well, then, it’s out of the question. You’ll have to look elsewhere.”
Chapter 865 - Live Tour [2018/02/13 10:00]
I… Is my proposal really that difficult? Creating a fake Filo-chan based on Sakura-chan is the best I can do right now… There’s no way I can give up on this. I’m going to start researching how to make Filo-chan and Sakura-chan coexist somehow. Let’s get Ren going!
“Well… aside from this National Library of Faubrey, there are all sorts of research materials lying dormant around the world, so wouldn’t it be a good idea to look into them?”
“Let’s put it on hold for now… Let’s have Rat-san help us with the Filolials’ health checks and research. We might even be able to identify the factors that determine the Filolials’ appearance.”
“That’s true. As a researcher, I’m interested in investigating that area, so I’ll cooperate. I look forward to working with you from now on.”
And just like that, my father negotiated and signed a contract with the Doctor. After wrapping up the discussion, we headed straight to meet up with Yuki-chan and the others, and decided to return to Siltvelt. Ah, Filo-tan. In this world, you’re so far away from me.
---
And so, we ended up heading from Siltvelt to Shieldfreeden.
“Motoyasu-kun, do you happen to have a portal to Shieldfreeden?”
“Unfortunately, it’s a country I’ve rarely had occasion to visit…”
I’ll activate the Portal Spear and check the history. Even though the number of registrable locations has increased now that we can allocate skills points, there’s still a limit.
As for my memories of Shieldfreeden, the only thing I really remember is stopping by during Filo-tan’s “IN Worldwide Live Tour.” Other than that, there was just a town like Zeltoble—a bit of a half-baked imitation. It had a Merlion statue and a half-baked “Vegas vibe,” I suppose. By the way, “Vegas” is just a nickname—it’s a town on Earth. I went there to hang out with Pig a long time ago.
I remember a huge commotion when a gang boss visiting the casino was killed by an assassin. In the midst of all that chaos, I grabbed a guy who was trying to kidnap Pig by the hair on his bald head and pinned him down. That’s not a contradiction, you know. Yeah… he had a nostalgic little braid on the back of his head that looked like a barcode, so I grabbed it.
I don’t know if he was one of that guy’s cronies, but there was another guy who actually had a barcode tattoo on the back of his head. Barcodes… they’re handy things you can just “beep” through a cash register. It brought back a memory of an older guy who lived in the neighborhood—he looked like an older brother to me—showing me some old toys. Apparently, you could even play games against each other using barcodes.
I wonder what kind of powerful piece I would’ve gotten if I’d scanned that code on the back of his head… Ever since I stopped thinking about pigs, that’s all I can seem to remember. Oh? It looks like my Father in my memory is rolling his eyes, saying, “Why are you thinking about such trivial things?”
“There’s no portal to Shieldfreeden, is there?”
I thought we’d covered just about everything, but that’s quite the blind spot.
“Well, I guess we’ll just have to head there directly.”
“There’s a portal to a place closer than Siltvelt, so maybe we should set off from there?”
“That might be a good idea. If either Motoyasu or I take turns heading to the destination, we’ll save time too.”
“Heroes, please wait a moment.”
The people from Siltvelt are calling out to us.
“What’s the matter?”
“Regarding travel to Shieldfreeden, the Takt faction has proposed using an airplane they confiscated.”
“Huh? An airplane? Well… if we can use it, I guess it’s fine, but is it really safe? Doesn’t that require some pretty specialized technical know-how?”
“Our investigation has confirmed that it’s operational. We’ve also been told there are no issues with fuel.”
“Well, we’ll take you up on that… but I’d hate to get into an accident while we’re traveling.”
It is an airplane in a different world, after all. That said, I don’t think we’ll have any trouble, do we?
“I don’t think there’ll be any problems. As far as I know, within this loop, planes and airships confiscated from the Takt faction have been used before.”
“Well, if that’s the case, then we’ll be fine.”
“Yes. We’ve determined that the plane we’ll be using this time is the one that previously traveled from Melromarc to Siltvelt.”
“That’s the one that brought the guys over, right? That seems like a bad omen.”
We’re invading an enemy country and got beaten back, after all. And so, with that plane—confiscated from Takt and used to transport the guys from Melromarc to Siltvelt—we set off for Shieldfreeden.
As for the plane… I thought it would be a jet airliner, but it’s a bit more compact. It looks a lot like the kind used for parachuting. Flying in a plane like that… well, it lacks a certain elegance.
“Whoa, this is so cool!”
“The view isn’t bad at all.”
“It’s sooo high!”
Yuki-chan and the others are voicing their impressions as they gaze out at the scenery from the plane. Since Filolial-sama fundamentally cannot fly, she really loves heights.
“It’s a great experience to get to ride in something like an airplane, but it’s a scary place if something were to happen.”
Panda murmurs, looking slightly wary.
“Well, yeah…”
“If anything happens, I’ll jump out of the plane, hoist my Father onto my back, and land on the ground with a big somersault.”
“That’s a pretty surreal image to picture, though…”
“You’ve got to do what you’ve got to do.”
Flutter, flutter, flutter! Let’s practice that later. Ha! It’d be great to incorporate that into Third Mode, too!
“I’d rather not, if possible… Are Sakura-chan and the others okay?”
“If I spread my wings, I can catch the air. I don’t think the damage will be as bad as you’d think.”
“Is that how it works?”
“After that, if I use Wind Magic to slow our descent and dissipate the impact, we’ll be fine.”
It’s theoretically possible. I think Lord Filolial could pull it off with ease.
“Magic sure is convenient, isn’t it?”
“Actually, I heard this earlier myself. Apparently, the main thing to watch out for when piloting an airplane is not crashing into monsters flying in the sky. Next up are floating reefs.”
“The skies in this other world are pretty inconvenient, aren’t they? Is that why airplane technology hasn’t really taken off?”
My Father looks exhausted and has a distant look in his eyes.
“Well, from my perspective, traveling on a giant flying dragon is still more relaxing, I suppose…”
“But Motoyasu wouldn’t like that. Sure, they’re fast and convenient, but I can’t believe Takt actually pushed for something like this.”
“Well, he is a reincarnated person, after all.”
“Come to think of it, what kind of person was Takt in his past life? If we strip away the unnecessary parts of Takt’s life, might we get a glimpse of who he really was?”
My father began analyzing the situation with great interest. I’m not really good at this kind of speculation, you see. It’s not that I can’t do it—I just usually end up getting it wrong. I do get it right once in a while, but since my father is more likely to be correct than I am, I’d better just stop trying.
“Let’s rule out ‘womanizer’… He was mass-producing and developing firearms… and he was also having airplanes built.”
My father narrowed his eyes as he gazed out the airplane window.
“Maybe he was a military hobbyist or something like that? He seemed to be pushing technologies that are inefficient according to the laws of this world, like guns… On a global scale, the only thing that wouldn’t be a problem is probably papermaking technology at best.”
“Isn’t paper something that can be made easily?”
“That might depend on the situation. There are various plants that are well-suited for making paper, after all. Apparently, parchment was also quite common in this world…”
“Well, when it comes to paper, it’s certainly true that the modern Faubrey popularized it. Thanks to that, the price of that kind of paperwork definitely went down.”
“I suppose you could say productivity improved…?　And then there was the shift from acidic paper to neutral paper… or something like that?”
“I’ve heard that too. Neutral paper is the kind that lasts for many years, isn’t it?”
“Yeah. In our world, old paper used to deteriorate quickly, but lately they’ve switched to neutral paper, which lasts longer.”
“……Huh? Come to think of it, I seem to recall a conversation like that before the loop.”
It’s nothing to talk about—just a memory from after the first world became peaceful. My grumpy Father was grumbling while looking at some paper, I think.
“If I remember correctly… something about the paper Takt promoted not lasting very long or something like that……”
“……So the plant-based paper commonly used in this world has properties similar to neutral paper, and what Takt promoted was acidic paper? Even if it’s cheaper, isn’t that unsuitable for long-term preservation?”
That’s putting the cart before the horse. Takt really is a menace. I suppose there were all sorts of hidden motives behind even a single one of his inventions.
My father used neutral paper as an example, but my future father, if I recall correctly… referred to it as a “cheap, mass-produced product.” It’s high-quality and low-cost right after it’s made, but the quality deteriorates faster than usual… they say it’s “ahead-of-its-time” quality. On the other hand, my fathers said it’s actually harder to make something like this.
“It seems the inventions of reincarnated individuals tend to avoid leaving information behind for the future.”
In that sense, the Takt must have already been wreaking havoc across the world. I hear that if you give it a good shake, countless bits of dust come pouring out.
“In terms of demand, it’s not necessarily a bad thing… but if that’s the case, this airplane seems likely to have its own set of problems, too.”
“I believe craftsmen from various countries have gone on to resolve those issues to some extent…”
This is also quite vague. However, I do recall that my Father discussed various matters with his Finacées and worked them out. At the very least, there continued to be a fair amount of demand for flying machines afterward.
I imagine the engineers from Zeltoble and others also cooperated to identify the issues. While Faubrey was already a famous attraction back when Takt had a monopoly on it, it seems they kept their internal operations tightly guarded.
Well, since it was a vehicle he used for his own travel, Takt probably didn’t cut any corners. I’ve also heard that it was his underlings who actually brought his ideas to life. Apparently, it was only thanks to Takt’s financial backing that aircraft—which had fallen into decline due to flying monsters—were recreated, or so the story goes.
“I seem to recall that, in the end, it mostly amounted to nothing more than a form of entertainment.”
“Well… in this world, there are monsters that, if you take care of them, become handy vehicles… and depending on the species, some people can fly, too.”
“Apparently, the reason Takt was able to operate airplanes and airships so effectively was that he raised dragons and other creatures to keep monsters at bay.”
“Ah… so it was a strategy to keep monsters at bay using the Ki emitted by high-ranking monsters… If that’s the logic, are we safe?”
“No problem at all. Even if they attack, I’ll open the door and unleash an Aiming Lancer.”
Destroy, that is. Let’s use them to boost our EXP.
“I kind of get what you mean, but… can’t Sakura-chan and the others be used to ward off monsters?”
“The Filolials are angels who preside over compassion. Warding off monsters would be quite difficult for them.”
“There are a few things that bother me, but since we can’t fly, maybe they’re underestimating us…”
But Filo-tan can fly, you know. I believe she gained the ability to fly thanks to my Father’s power. Ah… come to think of it, if the Father who made Filo-tan able to fly back then were here, he might have shown us a way to balance things between Sakura-chan and Filo-tan. …I wonder if this Father will become like that Father from back then? I can’t help but have a little hope.
“Motoyasu-kun? Is there something on my face? You’re looking at me funny.”
“I’m hoping a situation doesn’t arise where Father starts referring to himself and me as ‘I’ and ‘me’.”
“I doubt that’ll happen, though. What kind of character is that?”
“Wasn’t it the ‘evil alchemist’ character?”
“I’ve been through a lot and seem to have become a bit twisted. The ‘me’ that Motoyasu-kun knows… Still, I’m not sure I’d go that far.”
My father remarked that the conversation had somehow gone off track. It certainly had. …We were supposed to be talking about Takt.
“If you look into Takt’s achievements, you’ll probably find plenty of flaws—or rather, Darkness… Like the tragedies unfolding behind the scenes of cases solved by the story’s protagonist—I’m sure there are plenty of those.”
“That’s a problem we’ve faced too. Problems caused by me—who solved cases using my gaming knowledge—or by Ren and Itsuki—there were countless of them, really.”
For me, it was the Bio Plant running amok; for Ren, the dragon zombies and the ecological chaos; and for Itsuki, the revolution that never really found a fundamental solution. As for my father… I later learned there was a surge in accessory prices.
Apparently, accessories featuring the Divine Bird’s Carriage—the one pulled by Filo-chan—became a craze for a while, leading to problems like theft. If you look at the bigger picture, there are probably countless issues like that lying around.
However… I heard that in Takt’s case, it was all matters where only the people he’d taken under his wing stood to gain. When Takt and his group were executed, there was an engineer who rejoiced with both hands raised… wasn’t there? As was revealed in the previous loop, he’s apparently a total cheapskate.
There were also stories that a staggering amount of money was found in Takt’s house. Apparently, he’d been hoarding it for no reason. To save money without ever spending it—that’s the height of foolishness. Presumably, in this loop as well, it will be confiscated and distributed among the victims.
“Yeah… I suppose that’s how it is. We aren’t omniscient, omnipotent gods, after all. We’ll do our best to resolve things, but when it comes to problems we simply can’t solve… we’ll have to draw the line somewhere, I guess.”
It’s a difficult problem, isn’t it? Ultimately, it means that no matter what we do, there will be those who gain and those who lose. This isn’t the same as the “resources” that Father was talking about last time, but as long as resources are finite, we have to make choices somewhere along the line.
Chapter 866 - One-horse carriage, two-horse carriage [2018/02/20 10:00]
“I hear there’s way too much exploitation at Takt.”
“I get that he wants to save up, though…”
Well, he is a reincarnated person, after all. I guess that penny-pinching mentality is just ingrained in him. It’s kind of like one of those exploitative companies that don’t pass on their profits to employees, even when they make a ton of money.
“Money, you see, doesn’t do you any good if you just hoard it. Isn’t it all about spending it in a way that benefits you?”
said Panda. He’s got a point. I, too, have earned a lot and reinvested it in Lady Filolial, her ranch, the land, the races, and Filo-chan merchandise. You could certainly call that a truly meaningful way to spend it. Even my Father, as I remember him, was smiling.
“And you’re the one saying that, Rasa-san?”
“I don’t really like money, you know. But it’s fine as long as you have a good use for it. If you just hoard it needlessly, isn’t all that’s left in the end just a messy, messy fight?”
Come to think of it, Panda is very attached to money, but I don’t really know how he spends it. I see him using it for drinks and meals that day, but even when his equipment and such are covered, he still seems to be saving it up. I have a vivid memory of him traveling as a merchant with Keel.
“What’s the matter? You’ve been staring at me for a while now.”
“I just can’t seem to remember where you spend your money.”
“It’s obviously on mercenaries for that day’s earnings, isn’t it? At most, I blow it all on gear, food and drink, or supporting my subordinates.”
“No… I seem to recall you were always a bit short on cash, even though you were making more than that…”
“Oh, come to think of it, the Spear Hero said he knew the ‘me’ from another world, didn’t he?”
The panda therianthrope furrows his brow as he looks at me.
“So that’s why Lasa is so obsessed with money…”
My father stares intently at the panda therianthrope.
“It’s a cliché, but maybe a family member has a serious illness and needs money or something?”
“Nope.”
“That’s too similar to another character’s backstory.”
That’s the tiger siblings’ story. I’m not saying something like that couldn’t happen, but it’s not exactly exciting.
“Motoyasu-kun let slip something that’s really got me curious, but I’ll put that on hold for now. If it’s a family issue, Siltvelt would probably cover it… So maybe he’s sending money back to his hometown village… or donating to an orphanage?”
“Oh, do I really look like I’m capable of something like that?”
“That’s a reaction that’s got me a little curious. From what I’ve heard, Ms. Rasa is apparently a rare species even in Siltvelt.”
Ah, come to think of it, the folks in Siltvelt did mention that. I suppose pandas are considered rare creatures in this world, too.
But… what can I say about your Father? He seems to spend a lot of time interacting with therianthropes and monsters whose eyes are either slightly dark or, conversely, white. Your Older Sister is one example, the panda therianthrope is another… and you, too. I wish he’d share just a little more of that curiosity with the Filolials.
Oh? I feel like the Older Sister from my memories is protesting… but before she can step forward, a creature modeled after her is making its presence known. It’s striking a pose just like a Rider transforming. Well, I suppose there’s no need to worry about it. I’ll wave my hand to clear my mind.
“It doesn’t matter that I’m a miser. I mean, what about you Filolials—the Spear Heroes?”
“Such a base desire as greed for money does not exist among the Filolials.”
They’re all kind and earnest little ones. They each have their own hobbies and preferences, but they’re not tainted by greed. That’s right… except for their appetite!
“The other day, I saw the Filolials playing in the castle treasury with their eyes all sparkling.”
“They were just playing because they were drawn to shiny things. They collect everything—whether it’s broken glass or a snapped sword!　In fact, they absolutely love carriages!”
“That’s just like a bird… so they don’t understand the value of money, do they? Though I’m not really sure about the carriages.”
“When Father said he’d give them their own personal carriages as a reward, the Filolials rushed headlong to complete the tasks assigned to them! It’s truly wonderful!”
“I seriously can’t wrap my head around that way of thinking, you know?”
Ugh… Back then, my Father probably hadn’t quite caught up with understanding Filolial yet. But given his abilities, I’m sure he’ll get used to it in no time.
“Yuki-chan and the others feel the same way, don’t they?”
“Of course. A private carriage is a dream, isn’t it?”
“Yeah.”
“I want one!”
“So this is a shared sentiment… Is it like the feeling of ‘a man’s castle’—a home of one’s own?”
“By the way, Filo-tan also received a metal carriage from Father and was happily polishing it.”
That was around the time we went to Carmilla Island. That was before she started getting seasick. Since Filo-tan was on the same ship, I went to see her and happened to catch her happily polishing her carriage. As luck would have it, my Father and the others weren’t around, so—foolish as I am—I seized the opportunity to approach Filo-tan and perform a “carriage slam” instead of a “wall slam.”
“Hey, what are you doing here? Is Naofumi making you do hard labor again?”
“Ah! Filo’s carriage is getting dirty!”
The next moment, I was kicked and slammed into the Wall.
“Guh!?”
“Filo’s doing this because she wants to!”
Saying that, Filo-tan carefully wiped down the spot where I’d touched her. After that, I staggered away, figuring that if she was doing it willingly, there was nothing I could do—I’d just ended up making her angry. If I were to dirty Filo-tan… I mean, Lady Filolial’s carriage any further, I’d surely end up being hated by her.
“I understand it’s just her nature… but so a carriage is the best way to thank Sakura-chan and the others, is it?”
“That’s right! Of course, a carriage studded with rare ores and gems would make them even happier.”
“Is that so?”
And with that, Father asked everyone.
“Hmm? I don’t want a rickety one.”
“A flashy one is fine, but I don’t like tacky decorations.”
“The fancier, the better!”
In other words, there are all sorts of preferences, aren’t there?
“You’ve got the general idea right. But what kind of sensibility is this—being able to tell the difference between carriages when you don’t even understand the value of money? They might get it if we compared carriages to currency… but I really don’t want to have to manage things in units like ‘one carriage’ or ‘two carriages.’”
“That’s a brilliant idea.”
“It’s not a great idea. It’d be way more of a hassle than stone money.”
“Then let’s have wooden carriages, iron carriages, and silver carriages! What do you think?”
“Just don’t make them into units like copper, silver, and gold coins, okay? I don’t want the quality of my orders to change depending on which carriage I’m given.”
I think this would be a good deal with Filolial, but if your Father disapproves, let’s use it for secret transactions. It’d also be a good idea to come up with some custom parts. Just like the tires we made in the last loop specifically for Second Mode, developing parts for carriages looks like it’ll be a challenge for us going forward.
“It’s kind of like explaining Filolial’s ecology while subtly keeping the conversation on the topic of money… Larsa, you’d better think this through.”
“Is this going to be my fault?”
“You’re the one who asked the Filolials about money, Larsa.”
“Well, I guess so. I suppose it’s weird to ask monsters about money, huh?”
“Eating, playing, and sleeping are the basics, after all. Appetite is more important, right?”
“I like eating and drinking, too.”
“I’m curious where the money Larsa earns goes… but maybe we can save that for another time.”
“Curiosity leads to ruin, you know? Shield Hero?”
It seems the panda is trying to threaten my Father, but he’s already ignoring what the panda is saying. My Father is really good at gauging these kinds of boundaries.
“It’s typical of the panda—he’s probably saving up for cute merchandise and clothes.”
In the first world, the panda was involved in the gathering of all sorts of outfits and such in exactly that way. Don’t you dare underestimate my powers of observation. If you want, I could even expose every single one of your secrets!
“I-t-t-o-t-a-l-l-y! Stop adding weird elements to my character!”
“Hahaha… Either way, we’re heading to the country of Shieldfreeden, which used to be part of the Takt faction. We’ll have to check out the situation over there. Plus, we need to find a safe hideout for the survivors.”
“You sure changed the subject abruptly… Whatever, I guess. I just hope this doesn’t turn into a hassle.”
“Exactly!”
And so, the plane carrying us flew off toward Shieldfreeden, where dark clouds loomed. Whoosh, as they say.
---
After a while, our flight continued, and we landed at the airfield in Shieldfreeden, our destination. My Father is looking out the airplane window.
“It feels more like a military base than an airport, doesn’t it?”
I followed Father’s lead and looked out the window too. The view was reminiscent of a run-down airstrip in some remote corner of a free country. We’d already destroyed most of the aircraft Takt had prepared, so there weren’t many left. It looked like airships and the like could take off and land here as well. All sorts of equipment is stacked here, and a bit further away, there’s a barbed-wire fence set up.
“Just looking at this place, it makes it feel a little less like we’ve come to another world.”
“That’s true.”
Looking beyond the barbed wire… there’s a group of people waving flags and shouting—perhaps to welcome us to their country. That’s quite a commendable gesture. They should be praising and honoring my Father even more.
“Are they welcoming us over there? It’s hard to tell from this far away.”
“This is my chance to shine, Motoyasu Ai! Mmm!”
I squint as hard as I can and glare at the crowd in front of the chain-link fence. …It does seem like they’re welcoming us. But why are their cheeks twitching a bit? This is the arrival of my Father, who showed mercy to you self-righteous fools. To claim dissatisfaction despite that is the height of foolishness, isn’t it? Behind them, I can see people being led away, bound with ropes.
“It seems they are welcoming us. For some reason, the people in the back are tied up.”
As we stood there scratching our heads, a staff member from Shieldfreeden entered the plane and began talking with one of our staff members.
“Um… apparently, a dissident group had infiltrated the organization welcoming the Shield Hero and attempted to unfurl a banner containing slanderous remarks.”
“They’re the kind of people like the Three Heroes Church, aren’t they?”
By the way, the Three Heroes Church has already been designated a cult. Not only did Itsuki die, but the state religion of Melromarc has already changed on the grounds that they used the nation’s soldiers for personal gain.
That’s thanks to the Queen slipping back into the country amid the chaos. Of course, the hunting of Demi-Human slaves has been banned, those involved have been punished, and the slaves are reportedly being protected. That’s where Éclair’s hard work comes in.
“Does that just mean the Takt faction is deeply entrenched?”
“I hear the citizens, now that they know the truth, are gathering to welcome the Shield Hero.”
“It doesn’t look that way to me, though.”
“Their faces are all tense… Aren’t they just terrified of what kind of unreasonable demands or heavy taxes might be imposed on them?”
“Well… I suppose that’s just how inspections by the victorious nation go. I wonder if that Commissioner came to this country feeling the same way…”
It seems we’re ready to disembark—the staff are guiding us off the plane.
“I guess the time between getting off the plane and entering the building is the perfect opportunity?”
“What?”—that’s a question neither my Father nor I need to ask. It’s about how to deal with the attacks the Takt faction is likely to launch. My father and I have analyzed that those kinds of underhanded scoundrels will undoubtedly make a move.
Our allies on the Shieldfreeden side are also on high alert, trying to thwart them in advance, but there’s no end to the number of those kinds of people. Even after the world achieved peace, there were still as many people as there are stars in the sky who were out to kill my father. After all, they’re the kind of people who plot to eliminate a hero who gets in their way. Of course, Father and I made sure those scoundrels got what they deserved. HAHAHA.
“Actually, don’t you think we should keep an eye out for those kinds of guys scheming behind the scenes for a while?”
“You’re right.”
“Want me to act as your shield? That’s what I was hired for, after all.”
“What kind of hero do you think I am? Lasa, it’d actually be a big help if you could focus on protecting everyone else around me instead.”
At Father’s reply, Panda shrugged and let out a light sigh. Personally, I’m incredibly anxious at the thought of my father facing even the slightest danger, but it’s an undeniable fact that his defensive abilities are top-notch.
“That’s true. Still, is there really anyone on your team who can’t handle this kind of attack?”
“Hmm?”
“The atmosphere feels a bit tense.”
“Some lowly wretches are trying to satisfy their own selfish desires. I won’t show them any openings.”
Yuki-chan and the others understand as well. As for Sakura-chan… she still looks sleepy. …I really do think this over and over again, but I just can’t believe that, depending on how she’s raised, Sakura-chan could turn into Filo-tan.
It’s precisely because I’ve experienced it firsthand that this contrast strikes me as so strange. Still… you’re right. Sakura-chan really did look a lot like Filo-tan when she was basking in the warm sunlight.
Chapter 867 - Discernment [2018/02/27 10:00]
"Well, yeah. That said, the guys who belonged to the Takt faction were armed, and they sniped at us a lot during the war, so I think they'll come from that direction. Just to be safe, I'll go in alone and make my presence known, so if they attack, please pinpoint their location."
"Got it! Destroy!"
“Motoyasu, go easy on them, okay? We’re just capturing them to make them spill the beans on where our comrades are.”
“Of course. My spear will roar!”
I’m sure there’ll be plenty of pigs around. I’ll capture a bunch and make it the Pig King’s turn.
“No matter how I look at it, you’ll probably kill them before they confess… I’m really counting on you here.”
“Of course.”
“I’m a little worried, but… Rasa-san, I’m counting on you.”
“Don’t ask me to do the impossible!”
What on earth are you asking a panda to do? As long as I’m here, everything will be fine! Where are they coming from? Let’s check our surroundings so we’re ready to move immediately.
“Um… Yuki-chan and Kou don’t seem like they’ll be much help, and Sakura-chan definitely can’t handle this… Well, let’s just say we picked the wrong opponent this time.”
“You don’t think Yuki is reliable?”
“So, Yuki-chan, can you stop Motoyasu-kun from going on a rampage right now?”
“Why do I have to stop him?”
“……Rasa-san, please.”
“I get that you’re counting on me because I’m the only one here besides you who could stop him… but you really need to face reality here.”
My father let out a deep sigh as he headed out of the plane first, stepping through the door, raising one hand, and smiling as he made his way down the stairs. It looked like his smile was a bit forced, but I suppose he was just nervous.
Just as he was about three steps from the bottom of the stairs, a particularly large bullet whizzed past, aimed right at the space between Father’s eyebrows.
That looked a lot like… the bullets from a weapon called an “anti-materiel rifle,” which some military buff once raved about to me. At the very least, there’s no doubt it was a full size larger than any bullets the guys under Takt’s command had been carrying. That bullet flew at an incredible speed, struck my Father right between the eyes… and bounced off with a “thud.”
“Ouch… that actually hurt a little!”
By the way, my Father spent a little time leveling up after the war and has improved his stats quite a bit. I was staring intently at the rippling air, so I was able to clearly track where the shot came from.
But… it was fired from incredibly far away. I can tell he’s at least a kilometer away. If he managed to hit my Father right between the eyes from that distance, that makes him a sniper on par with Itsuki!
If the rifle this sniper used was the kind I’m familiar with, I recall hearing that its maximum range is 4,500 meters. Of course, I’d expect the damage to drop if fired at maximum range, so I’d estimate it was around 2 kilometers. But given the effects of level and Magic, it’s also possible they attacked from even farther away.
Even using Motoyasu’s Eye to its fullest, it’ll take time to pinpoint the target. Plus, there’s a high chance they’ll fire continuously, so we need to take them out quickly. Firing the Aiming Lancer or Gungnir is a good option, but we can’t lock on unless we spot the target first.
“Father! Are you okay!?”
“Yeah, it just hurt a little. But… preparing something like this? That’s a pretty rough welcome.”
“Enemy attack! Enemy attack! Shieldfreeden, capture the traitors who defy the will of Siltvelt and mete out punishment!”
“It’s highly likely they’re already planning a retreat. After all, they’re attacking from this far away.”
The Father turns his gaze toward the confused onlookers. Ah, so he thought they’d be coming from there.
“Either way, we know which direction the enemy is coming from. Since it’s hard for me to tell if it’s a pig, and the distance makes it dangerous to fire without aiming properly, I’ll use this.”
“This?”
I’ll focus my mind and cast Magic. With this Magic, I can perfectly track the bullet’s trajectory… it’ll even serve as a laser sight.
“I, The Love Hunter, command the heavens and the earth; I shall sever what is unreasonable, reconnect what is broken, and expel the pus. O Power of the Dragon Vein. Unite with my Magical Power and the Hero’s strength; thus commands The Love Hunter, the very source of all power. Interpret the workings of the universe once more, and unleash the gaze that pierces all as a beam of heat!’
“Liberation Fire Eye!”
Putting all my might into it, I’ll unleash an ultra-thick beam from my eyes with Magic! Normally, I’d boost my power to X before firing, but since my Father told me to go easy, I’ll tone it down by just using a regular Liberation. By the way, if I use the plural form—Al-Liberation Fire Eye—it becomes a spread beam. Of course… if I shake my head, I can just sweep it all away! Hahahahahahaha!
“Motoyasu Biiiiiiiinmu!”
Beep! My fiery gaze flies straight along the trajectory of the bullet that was heading toward the space between my Father’s eyebrows. There was another gunshot along the way, but the bullet that was fired seems to have evaporated! Right where my intense gaze landed, something began to burst into flames.
“It’s over there!”
Having finished firing the Fire Eye, I pointed at the spot where the pillar of fire was rising and gave instructions to the crew.
“H-… Huh!”
The Demi-Humans, who had been stunned, heard my words and immediately began rushing toward the spot.
“Um… Motoyasu… it looked like you just used some really strange attack…”
“Oh? Was this your first time seeing my Fire Eye? It’s my original Magic!”
“No, that’s not what I meant to ask… The Motoyasu Beam… there are so many things to point out…”
“It’s pretty amazing in so many ways… You were already as strong as a demon god on the battlefield, but seeing it up close is something else. Is this the kind of attack you were using back then?”
“I wasn’t doing anything like this back then!”
Well, this world is still in the early stages of the loop, after all. I was still inexperienced back then. But things are different now.
“I’ve grown, you know!”
“I have a feeling we shouldn’t just brush this off as ‘growth,’ though…”
Oops, we must make the traitors and the Takt faction pay for their crimes. We’ve pinpointed their location, so let’s head there right away.
“Well then, Yuki-chan, let’s go and capture our target with style!”
“Understood!”
In response to my call, Yuki-chan transformed into her Filolial form. It would’ve been nice to switch to Drive Mode, but it doesn’t look like I’ll be able to get my hands on any tires. I guess I’ll have to think about developing a spear for Drive Mode next.
It’s a spear with tires attached to the sides. If I use Weapon Copy, I’ll be able to make one anytime. If used properly, we might even be able to pull off Car Mode and other forms!
With that thought in mind, I climbed onto Yuki-chan’s back and quickly dashed toward our destination. We sped past an airfield with a great view, leaped over a chain-link fence, and raced to the rooftop of a building engulfed in flames. There, I spotted what looked like the pig we were after. Though, there are a few others here, too.
Since this is a hassle, I’ll just use the Aiming Lancer—just enough to incapacitate them, not kill them. Their crime is simply being here. You’re all going to be crucified!
“Aiming Lancer!”
“Oooggghh!?”
“Gyaaaaaaah!”
I’ll throw my spear at the ones I’ve locked onto and use Aiming Lancer to incapacitate them. Oh? There’s a pig that’s moving better than I expected. This one’s probably the one.
“Paralyze Lance X!”
“Buh!? Oink—!?”
I swiftly speared the pig and paralyzed it. It’s rolling around pathetically. Off to the factory with you.
“Well then, let’s hand it over quickly. Yuki-chan, let’s hurry back to Father.”
“Yes, ma’am!”
Before long, the officials rushed over, so after handing over the most suspicious suspect, we headed back to Father. Father was moving toward the airport building while keeping an eye out for the sniper’s second unit and others.
“Motoyasu, you’re back already? That was quick.”
“Of course.”
“We solved it quickly.”
Yuki-chan is right. Just as my Father and the others were about to head deeper into the building, Panda stopped them.
“What’s wrong?”
“Well, I’m not sure. I’ve got a strange hunch. It smells slightly like drugs, I guess.”
“Weren’t they just cleaning up because we were coming?”
“No, I’ve smelled this before. It smells like explosives.”
They really are a radical bunch, aren’t they? By the way, the effectiveness of bombs and the like is somewhat influenced by the Lv of the person who sets them off. Of course, the quality of the materials and such also plays a role. A shoddy product won’t pose a threat even at a high Lv. Well, since we can neutralize explosives with Magic, it’s no trouble at all for us. As for landmines… just like with the Crimson Swine, we’ll blow them to smithereens on the spot!
“That’s a bit too rough a welcome… I guess that’s what you’d expect from Takt’s home base, huh?”
“I wonder…”
Saying things like that, the panda dodged a nearby potted plant… and there it was. At a glance, you could tell there was a bomb and a detonator.
“Should I blast it away with Magic?”
“Hold on a sec. This is… hmm, hmm, like this.”
Panda used his claws to quickly and deftly dismantle the bomb. He’s surprisingly dexterous for someone with such big hands. And just like that, he defused the bomb.
“I remember seeing this kind of thing around the mercenary circles.”
“You’re quite the pro.”
“Well, I’m a mercenary. I sell stuff like this to all sorts of countries to make a buck. Weapons, Ren… if you’ve dabbled in anything even a little, you know its value and can turn it into cash. And you know where to sell it, too.”
This is one of Panda’s hidden talents. Working as a vendor alongside Keel… I guess being a “crowd-pleasing panda” isn’t his only job? Perhaps my Father from the first world hired this panda precisely because of abilities like this.
“It looks like it could explode if remotely triggered.”
“That’s right. That’s why I wouldn’t recommend going any further inside. Since it’s a magical power-emitting type, it’d be fairly easy to neutralize it to some extent by altering the surrounding magic field.”
“Then this is it! Liberation Seal Fire Field V!”
With a flash, I deploy a light magical power field around us. Normally, this spell suppresses specific magical attributes. It’s not very effective against powerful casters, but since I’ve reinforced it sufficiently, it can significantly suppress the activation of ordinary magic.
The downside is that it’s several levels below the magic used to establish territories like Filolial’s or a dragon’s, so it can’t serve as a countermeasure. It’s not my specialty, but it should have some effect.
“This should prevent any signals from being received.”
“…Though there are some things that explode if they can’t receive a signal, you know…”
“Yikes!”
“You should’ve said that sooner.”
“Spear Hero, didn’t you go and use it on your own?! Fortunately, it doesn’t look like anything like that was set up, though.”
“Or maybe Motoyasu-kun’s Magic is suppressing them?”
“That’s possible, too. Anyway, we’d better find them and defuse them quickly.”
And so, with everyone—including the staff of Shieldfreeden—pitching in, we proceeded to defuse the explosives inside the building. Even the building’s own employees were surprised, wondering when all these devices had been planted.
The Takt faction’s ability to get things done is truly remarkable. There must be a mole among us. All we have to do is make the sniper pig we captured this time confess to reveal who that mole is.
And so, while receiving this rather rough welcome, we headed toward Shieldfreeden’s castle—the official residence where the leadership gathers—in the carriages that had been prepared for us. Oh, and of course, we checked them thoroughly to make sure no suspicious devices had been planted, so there’s no problem there.
By the way, it seems Shieldfreeden does have cars, but this time we asked Yuki-chan and the others—who are quick on their feet—to take us. We made our way through the capital-like townscape, which was quite a distance from the terminal.
“They’ve got paved roads like in Faubrey. Well, every country has cobblestone streets, though.”
“That’s true.”
“I’d say the level of civilization is pretty high, wouldn’t you? I even have an acquaintance who works as a mercenary around here.”
“Did you run into him on the battlefield?”
“Not this time. They’re a bunch of guys with an unnaturally sharp intuition.”
“Huh… By the way, what kind of work do mercenaries in this country do?”
“Well, since they’re mercenaries, most of them work as bodyguards. Other than that, I’d say a lot of them are temporary guards, wouldn’t you say? Trouble’s always lurking around every corner. If you’re strong, you’ll never be short on work, no matter where you go.”
Hmm, being a mercenary is no easy life. Still, since fighting is their business, it stands to reason they’d have to be strong.
“Sounds like the kind of mercenaries who believe ‘might makes right.’”
“Well, the really famous mercenaries would go to Faubrey or Zeltoble instead of coming here. You can make more money there.”
“Somehow… that makes this country sound like it’s missing something, no matter where you look.”
Well, it’s the country of Takt and his crew. That’s only to be expected.
Chapter 868 - Opportunity [2018/03/06 10:00]
"In terms of technology and logistics, no one can match Faubrey and Zeltoble. But if we're talking about the combat strength of individual citizens, it's got to be Siltvelt, right? Until recently, Shieldfreeden was known for being relatively peaceful, with advanced technology and high combat capabilities... I guess its strength lies in being a powerful nation overall."
“By the way, what about Melromarc?”
“Huh? Well, I guess it’s a reasonably strong country? It’s not the kind of place demi-humans and Therianthropes would be eager to go to, so I’m just going by what I’ve heard, though. I’ve heard that in the wars of the past, it was strong enough to deal a major blow to every country—enough to effectively defeat Siltvelt, even.”
In terms of national power, Faubrey and Zeltoble are the top two, followed by Siltvelt, Shieldfreeden, and Melromarc, I suppose.
“They say the queen of Melromarc—known as the ‘She-Fox’—has formed an alliance with a wise and wise king, and she’s skilled at resolving or deflecting various issues through diplomacy. I’ve even heard that it was thanks to her that the spark of war Zeltoble was trying to ignite was extinguished.”
“Wow, so the queen is that capable?”
“They say she’s a smooth talker. We’ll probably end up meeting her someday, so you’d better be careful, okay?”
“She’s certainly capable. But given her personality, I don’t think we’ll be at odds with her.”
At least in every loop so far, the queen has never become an enemy. That’s probably because the Queen views the ‘Wave’ as a threat. So if the ‘Wave’ didn’t exist, the situation might have been different.
“I don’t know about that… It just looks like she played her cards right again this time, too.”
Panda seems to be suspicious of the Queen. As far as I’m concerned, the Queen is a convenient ally, but I suppose that’s how she comes across to a mercenary.
“Well… speaking of Shieldfreeden, how does it look to you, Larsa?”
“Honestly, I think the disparity among the citizens is pretty extreme.”
“Ah… yeah, you’re right.”
I’ll take a look outside in place of my Father. That’s certainly true. There isn’t much of a disparity between Demi-Humans, Therianthropes, and humans, but I see a lot of people whose clothes look worn out. On the other hand, there are also those wearing what look like expensive clothes. It doesn’t seem like the groups are mixing. Just as I was thinking that, a welcoming procession consisting entirely of Demi-Humans appeared.
“We’ve entered Demi-Human District.”
“Demi-Human District?”
“That’s right. In Shieldfreeden, there are separate districts—one where only Demi-Humans can enter, and another where only humans can enter.”
“Even though it’s a country where Demi-Humans and humans are equal?”
“I don’t really know much about it either. But there are times when people just can’t relax unless they’re with their own kind. I hear they’ve divided the city into these districts to alleviate that kind of stress.”
“Was there a place like that in Faubrey?”
“There’s a residential district reserved exclusively for the royal family. I don’t know about the general populace, though.”
Isn’t it a residential district reserved exclusively for the royal family, like the one in Faubrey? I seem to vaguely remember it. I’m pretty sure that was in the first world. I’ve been there in the world after peace was established. We didn’t stop by during Filo-chan’s IN Live Tour, though.
“What’s that?”
“There are towns where you can’t live unless you have royal blood in your veins. Though, as far as race goes, they seemed to be a real mixed bag.”
“That’s because the lineage there comes from the Hero. If you have the Hero’s blood, they don’t care about race. Everyone else gets along just fine.”
“As for Zeltoble… there’s no such district there.”
“Over there, money is everything. If you want to hang out with your own kind, why not just go to a specialty shop?”
“Huh… there sure are all kinds of places.”
“Everyone has different views. If you start worrying about it, there’s no end to it.”
“It’s a country that’s kind of hard to wrap my head around… especially Shieldfreeden.”
“Well, all their representatives throughout history have been from the country of Demi-Humans, after all.”
In other words, even though they tout themselves as a land of freedom, there’s still a hierarchy based on race. I’m no Panda, but if you start worrying about it, there’s no end to it. To be honest, I couldn’t care less.
“Ah, I see.”
With my Father letting out a sigh like that, the carriage continued on its way. Along the road, the people of Shieldfreeden—suppressing their anxiety—were waving flags as if to welcome the Shield Hero’s visit. And so, we arrived at the building where the representatives of Shieldfreeden were gathered.
In Shieldfreeden, the representatives’ residence appears to be a strange building—one that’s hard to even call a castle, given its massive width. We made our way inside that building. Oh, of course, we were on high alert in case terrorists might try something, but thanks to either prior reconnaissance or the thorough checks conducted by the people of Siltvelt, it seems the situation has been securely resolved.
“W-well now… Thank you so much for coming to our Shieldfreeden. Shield Hero, Spear Hero.”
A group of people who appeared to be Shieldfreeden’s representatives—their faces pale and trembling slightly—welcomed my father and me while being watched over by the people from Siltvelt.
“This war was caused by Nelshen, the representative of the Aotatsu race who served as the nation’s representative, who privately abused Shieldfreeden’s full authority based on false information. I’m sure you Heroes can understand that this does not reflect the collective will of the people of Shieldfreeden.”
HAHAHA. What a way to start off. Do you really think that joke will fly with Father? He narrows his eyes—as if he’s switched into “merchant mode”—and glares at the representatives.
“So what you’re saying is… even though you caused all this commotion, the former representative took full responsibility for it, so you guys aren’t at fault at all?”
“N-no… that’s not exactly what I meant…”
“You could have spoken up and said that war is wrong, couldn’t you? Yet, to satisfy your own sense of justice, you went along with the former representative’s selfish revenge—and now you think you can just flip-flop and claim you were deceived if you lose?”
As the representatives stammer and mumble their way through their response, Father launches another attack.
“I want you to think about this: when Siltvelt loses and the truth comes out, do you think you’d have grilled the former representative’s Takt faction the same way?”
“W-well… we could!”
HAHAHA, that’s impossible. Even if you could, you’d just get wiped out by the Takt faction and that’d be the end of it.
“Anyone can say that when the other side isn’t even here anymore. So why not actually take action? You’re the ones who didn’t, right? We’ve been constantly reporting on the events that occurred in diplomacy, so you’ve already given your answer.”
Father’s rhetorical tactic of letting them run with it before cutting them off is really on full display here. The people from Shieldfreeden are apologizing, but you can tell by the look in their eyes that they’re not truly sorry.
“They’re probably thinking, ‘For a young upstart from another world, you sure act all high and mighty…’”
When my father muttered that under his breath, some of the Shieldfreeden members looked away. I suppose he’d hit the nail on the head.
“Even so, I’ve come here as the Shield Hero, bearing the weight of Siltvelt on my shoulders. I’ve come to inspect the uncooperative Shieldfreeden in order to protect the world from the threat of the waves. You understand that, don’t you?”
“Y-yes! We’re fully aware of that!”
“For someone who claims that, it seems there were some factions that gave me a rather rough welcome. Is your security as full of holes as a sieve?”
How is that any different from a simple ring, I wonder?
“The former representative’s rampage… For someone who’s supposed to be as resilient as a lizard’s tail, I think their follow-up actions have been rather half-hearted.”
Seizing the moment, my Father is rubbing it in to the people of Shieldfreeden with all the sarcasm he can muster. The other side just keeps turning pale and seems unable to do anything but bow their heads.
“If you keep pulling these kinds of stunts… you’d better consider the possibility that the nation of Shieldfreeden might cease to exist.”
“Eek!?”
Father’s menacing voice, my murderous intent, and the people from Siltvelt are all heaping threats upon the Shieldfreeden delegation without holding back.
“How do you think the world will view such behavior—”
“Shieldfreeden’s noble cause is already a thing of the past, isn’t it? Even the great nation of Faubrey has left the matter entirely in Siltvelt’s hands. This is a country that cooperated with Takt, who tarnished the Legend of the Hero. Public opinion is already calling for you and your nation to vanish… Surely your leadership isn’t so corrupt as to be unaware of that, is it?”
I’m sure they don’t get it. How should I put it? They seem like the kind of people who can’t even imagine the worst-case scenario—what kind of punishment they’ll face if they make the wrong choice. It’s clear they still think of themselves as a major power.
“Numbers are powerless against a Hero, you know? You should have learned that firsthand in the last battle.”
I’ll go along with Father’s threats, too. As long as this Motoyasu Ai remains in the shadows, I won’t tolerate any of your reckless actions.
“Aaaaaah…”
The people of Shieldfreeden seem to be so terrified by our threats that they’ve lost all their nerve. Hahaha, how pathetic.
“I came here to give a chance to Shieldfreeden, and this is how it ends…”
“Please! Please, give us a chance!”
The people of Shieldfreeden bowed deeply to my Father, as if begging for mercy. Hmm… Their reaction looks familiar. It’s just like I used to be. I can’t help but feel a twinge of sympathy.
Hmm… It seems my Father wanted to steer things in this direction after all. Well then, I suppose I’ll go along with his plan.
“Father, how about giving them a chance?”
My Father looked at me with a puzzled expression at my suggestion. Then he turned his gaze back to the people from Shieldfreeden and crossed his arms.
“…And so, Motoyasu—the Spear Hero—has granted us a reprieve. To ensure this never happens again, focus your efforts not only on security but also on cracking down on those who resist!”
“H-ha ha!”
After saying that, some of the Shieldfreeden members left the room to relay the orders.
“...Well then, regarding the issues ahead, let’s hold a meeting with the representatives of this country. That’s what I’d like to do, but the journey here has left us all a bit tired. I’d like to take a short break—is that okay?”
“Yes!”
The Shieldfreeden members nodded, and at the suggestion of the Siltvelt members, we were escorted to a fairly large room within the facility. Of course, we’d already checked for any underhanded traps set by the enemy, so there’s no problem there. The panda therianthropes seem to be standing by at the entrance, ready to deal with any intruders at any time. Yuki-chan and the others went to the back of the room and started sitting down in chairs.
“Phew… Seriously, these people make me want to ask if they even realize they’re representing their country.”
“Isn’t that just how the upper echelons of a country are supposed to be?”
“The royalty I’ve known were much more motivated and had a stronger sense of responsibility, though.”
At the very least, I think the Queen of Melromarc and her Finacée are excellent representatives. As for Trash… well, that’s a bit of a mixed bag. Setting aside what happened after his awakening, in most loops he was the very picture of incompetence. Well, according to my Father, politics is prone to corruption, so maybe it can’t be helped.
“I’d really like to leave it to someone that capable…”
“Then shall we leave it entirely up to the Queen of Melromarc?”
“What are you talking about?”
Panda nearly tripped at my suggestion, then shot me a look of utter exasperation. What’s the matter? Are you saying my opinion is crazy?
“Listen, Motoyasu. Melromarc is an enemy nation when it comes to countries dealing with Demi-Humans, right? There’s no way we can entrust Melromarc with the provisional governance of Shieldfreeden.”
But in my original world, Trash and his Finacée meddled in Shieldfreeden’s politics in all sorts of ways and silenced everyone. They also fleeced the country handsomely through postwar reparations and the like, which sparked quite a bit of internal strife—and I seem to recall that, in the ensuing chaos, the country was actually governed quite effectively… I think. Though, mind you, this is just secondhand information.
“In the world you know, Motoyasu-kun, you might have been able to pull off all sorts of reckless stunts, but in this world, we can’t pull off reforms that bold.”
“Hmm… Politics really is a tricky business, isn’t it?”
Well, I suppose that means it’s too much of a burden to leave entirely up to Melromarc right now.
“I went to Siltvelt in the first place because I wanted to teach Melromarc a lesson, didn’t I? What’s the point of letting them have it easy?”
Ah, that’s right. Thanks to Éclair, we managed to minimize the damage, but originally, our goal was to take down the Trash from Melromarc and the Three Heroes Church.
“Even with Motoyasu-kun’s knowledge, the only outstanding leaders who leave a strong impression seem to be from Melromarc and that sort of place. Once we’ve done some research, wouldn’t it make sense to leave it to someone trustworthy in Siltvelt…?”
“I suppose that’s the sensible thing to do, isn’t it? Though I’m not really in a position to have a say on that, mind you.”
“It’d be a big help if you could share what you know. I still don’t know much about this world yet.”
That’s the kind of conversation my father was having with Panda.
“So, there’s something that’s been on my mind.”
“What is it?”
“I know this might be a bit rude, but is there some ulterior motive behind Motoyasu-kun offering the people of Shieldfreeden this opportunity?”
“An ulterior motive, you say? It seems my Father is reading too much into this, thinking I had some hidden agenda when I gave the people of Shieldfreeden that opportunity. But there really isn’t any deep reason behind it.
“…You see, after countless failures, I, too, was once given one last chance.”
Chapter 869 - Last Chance [2018/03/13 10:00]
Last chance. That’s right—after my Older Sister came to get me from a parallel world, I was abandoned following a string of failures, and I was told point-blank that I’d never see Filo-chan again. My Older Sister gave me one last chance, as if it were an act of mercy. When I think back on that time, there are rare moments when I find myself wondering if I should show a little mercy to those who are hoping for a chance.
“Huh…”
“If I hadn’t managed to make the most of that chance, I might have wandered around forever without ever seeing Filo-chan again.”
“Aren’t you still unable to see her?”
“Gwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!?”
Father, how can you say such a merciless thing!? Oh, what on earth must I do to meet Filo-tan in this world!? Older Sister from the first world! Please, guide me to Filo-tan!
“Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan, Filo-tan!”
“Motoyasu-sama! Please calm down!”
“Sorry, that just slipped out. Motoyasu-kun, calm down! It was my fault—come back! Look, it’s Sakura-chan.”
My father picks up Sakura-chan, who had been sitting and resting, and holds her out to me.
“Hmm?”
“Filo-chan… Father, Sakura-chan isn’t Filo-chan. Sakura-chan is Sakura-chan.”
“I think it’s good that you snapped back to your senses so quickly, but you really are a handful, Motoyasu-kun…”
“You sure do do a lot of skits, don’t you…”
“It’s practically a running joke by now… Oh well. I guess this is just Motoyasu-kun being his usual self.”
My father sat Sakura-chan back down, then turned around and faced me.
“Anyway, I guess this means Motoyasu-kun is growing up. I was on the edge of my seat, worried he might propose a merciless massacre.”
“That’s a different matter entirely.”
If he were to disregard my mercy, then it would truly be time for “Destroy.” I’ll make him pay just like I did to Takt and the Three Heroes Church.
“What…? If I got serious and started firing off a barrage of Liberation Firestorm X and the like, I could turn a country of this size into a wasteland in the blink of an eye. Or perhaps I should try a test firing of the Liberation Meltblast, which is currently under development?”
It’s a wide-area annihilation Magic with its power boosted to the absolute limit. It’s just the thing for sweeping away this rabble.
“I’m hearing some ominous-sounding Magic names here… firing massive beams from your eyes, casually talking about turning a country into a wasteland…”
“Want me to give it a try?”
“No need.”
My father, who looks rather exhausted, orders me around. What a shame.
“Anyway, I was prepared for this even before coming to Shieldfreeden. Things are about to get tough, so this is where we’ll really have to hold our ground.”
I suppose so. Since it’s a country under Takt’s influence, it’s only natural that it’s a mess. That said, surprisingly, my Father was quite assertive today.
“You seemed pretty assertive today, Father—perhaps because you’re focused on making improvements?”
“Ah… well, yeah. If I just let it slide by saying, ‘Oh well, terrorists showed up there, so it can’t be helped,’ that’d play right into their hands.”
“Is something going on?”
“How should I put it? The fact that the representatives of the defeated nation didn’t come to greet us at the airport makes me suspicious.”
Hmm, it’s true that they were waiting at the castle. I assumed that’s just how things are, but given the current relationship between Siltvelt and Shieldfreeden, that response might be a bit unnatural. My father must be thinking that it wouldn’t be strange if terrorists showed up—or that they’re somehow connected. That’s precisely why he’s resolving the situation first, then barging in and taking a high-handed approach. I suppose he figures it would be worse to back down now and let them get the upper hand.
“Well, it’ll be interesting to see if the Shield Hero can pull off being a politician.”
“If anything, I plan to leave that sort of thing to the people of Siltvelt. Our goal is to eradicate the waves and the Takt faction, which pose a threat.”
“That’s why you came here, wasn’t it? With that sudden welcome, I actually started wondering how you were going to change the country.”
“Well… I might have a little say in the matter. Well then, let’s rest until the meeting and get ready to take on the challenge.”
And so, after taking a short break, we ended up having a meeting with the people of Shieldfreeden.
---
The people of Shieldfreeden escorted my father and me to the conference room, and we took our seats for the meeting. Since it was decided that it would be more effective for me to remain silent as much as possible, my Father took charge of giving instructions on our policy and other matters.
“Um… Shield Hero, regarding your inspection tour of Shieldfreeden, we’d like to host the warmest welcome and parade possible—what do you think?”
“I think it’s necessary for the triumphant return of a victorious nation.”
Not only the people of Shieldfreeden, but those from Siltvelt are making the same proposal as well. A parade, huh? This would be a great opportunity to showcase my Father’s prestige.
“Didn’t you already do that on the way here?”
“That was just to get you here… If we go through with it, we’ll make it much more grand.”
A parade to welcome Father, then! I’m getting excited. Let’s make it as grand as when we saved the first world.
“From the perspective of someone who was shot at the bridge of the nose right after arriving in this country, I’d like to postpone it. There’s even a possibility that poison could be mixed into our food indiscriminately. They’ll likely use our arrival as an excuse to blame these incidents on us. It’s fine to push ahead, but it shouldn’t be too late to wait and see how things develop a bit longer.”
“Understood. The Hero’s point is well taken. Let’s hold off on the parade and such until things have settled down.”
The first agenda item was quickly postponed. It’s a shame, but it looks like the parade isn’t happening after all.
“So, what about Nelshen—was that his name? The former representative, the Aotatsu of the Takt faction, and the president of Shieldfreeden—what’s the latest on his whereabouts?”
“Um… To explain the details, when the Shieldfreeden army advanced into Siltvelt, he was in the rear, serving as the operations officer. However, the heroes destroyed their aircraft and other weapons, and the army suffered a devastating blow, forcing a retreat… After returning to their home country, he suddenly vanished.”
“He must have realized they’d lost the war and gone into hiding.”
That’s quite the pig-like getaway. Isn’t that a run for it on par with a Lazy Pig? No… a Lazy Pig immediately senses any trouble and escapes out of my range, so this is probably even worse. That creature’s ability to avoid danger is nothing short of divine.
“Have you determined whether he left Shieldfreeden?”
“We’re conducting strict checkpoints throughout the region, but he doesn’t seem to be getting caught.”
“Even so… aren’t the ones manning the checkpoints from Shieldfreeden? Aren’t they covering for him out of favoritism toward their own?”
“N-no way. There’s absolutely no reason to let a felon—someone who, despite being a representative of the nation, colluded with a foreign power and sparked a war out of personal vendetta—escape. Capturing Nelshen is, you might say, our duty if our country is to survive.”
The men of Shieldfreeden wiped the sweat from their brows as they refuted Father’s words. Well, that’s certainly true. From Shieldfreeden’s perspective, letting him escape would effectively spell the end of their nation, so it’s only natural they’d be frantic to capture him.
“In any case, we plan to conduct our own investigation here in this country, so if we find evidence of collusion, we won’t show any mercy.”
“We’ll take that to heart.”
“We’ll also dispatch some sharp-nosed agents from Siltvelt to track them down, so please rest assured.”
“Ah, either way, they went so far as to engage in covert operations to start a pointless conflict. They’ll have to face the full consequences. Make sure to pinpoint their hideout as soon as possible.”
“‘Yes, sir!’”
Everyone is saluting properly, aren’t they? That’s right. You must show more respect to Father.
“Next… have you identified the group that gave us such a rough welcome, the culprit, and those who aided them?”
“As for the sniper, the Spear Hero immediately neutralized him… and we used the Dragon Hourglass to reset his level. We’re interrogating him in that state. However… it looks like it’ll still take some time.”
“Wouldn’t it be best to cast an illusion that makes him look like Takt on someone capable of using illusion magic?”
Not to mention the first world, but even during the previous loop, my sister often used Magic to make me think I was “Filo-chan.” My father looked at me with an expression that said, “That’s pretty ruthless…” But that was just for a moment; he immediately turned to the people from Shieldfreeden and said:
“Ah, that might work on Takt’s subordinates. Something like, ‘Actually, I’m still alive and here to save you! So tell me where my comrades are!’”
“Yes. We plan to use that approach as well. Please wait a moment… though, given the failure of the operation, it’s highly likely the person we targeted has already fled.”
“I suppose so. We had similar results in Siltvelt, after all. What about identifying the informant? Given the amount of explosives they planted, I’d imagine there are quite a few of them.”
“There’s a theory that they weren’t in cahoots with the sniper.”
“Well, it’s possible that different factions were each setting their own traps. Conduct the investigation keeping both possibilities—collaboration and acting independently—in mind.”
“And after we’ve extracted all the information from them, we’ll publicly execute not only the perpetrators but everyone involved in front of the Hero, to make an example of them.”
“Wha…!? O-okay. I suppose that’s a good way to make them realize that further resistance is pointless.”
My father let out a slight gasp. All things considered, he’s actually a kind man. Even in the first world, when public executions were carried out, he watched Takt and the pig-like scum being executed with a look of utter disgust on his face. Apparently, they say that unless we do that, we won’t be setting a proper example. The crime of treating the world like a toy is a grave one, after all. Apparently, if they hadn’t gone through with it, it would have set a bad precedent. Or they would have been condemned for being too lenient.
“As for the explosives, we’ve determined that the components were supervised by Takt.”
“Lasa took them apart—do you know anything about that part?”
My father asks the panda who’s serving as my bodyguard.
“Nope? I only know how to dismantle explosives—I had no idea where they were made. The only thing I can say is that they didn’t place much emphasis on Magic.”
“A factory supervised by Takt, you say… so, is it a Faubrey product?”
“No, it’s a factory built within the territory through a joint venture between Takt—who was close with Nelshen—and others.”
Isn’t that a bit too cozy? Come to think of it, I heard during the last loop that Takt was a cheapskate. In other words, when he does something, he makes the other party foot the bill instead of paying himself.
“So it’s technically a Shieldfreeden product… I took a quick look on the way here, and it looks like there’s a gun shop here, just like in Faubrey.”
“Yes. There’s a factory here that our country, Shieldfreeden, was forced to build on a massive scale under Nelshen’s orders. Would you like to take a look?”
“I suppose so… We should probably figure out just how many engineers of that sort have defected.”
In the first world, it seems that Father has to handle the cases that were resolved by my Finacée, the queen, and Trash. What’s more, it looks like his own role has changed quite a bit—it’s no longer enough to just be in the position of a hero like in the previous loop. I don’t know… I have this nagging feeling that even more trouble is on the horizon.
“Um…”
The people from Shieldfreeden approached my Father, their voices hesitant as they gauged his reaction.
“What?”
“Shield Heroes, we would like to ask for your guidance on the direction in which you intend to reform Siltvelt.”
“……”
To come all this way and ask what he intends to do now… With a slightly exasperated expression, my Father furrowed his brow slightly before letting out a small sigh.
“Our primary objective is the annihilation of the Takt faction. Faubrey put a bounty on them all over the world, but they’ve been too elusive to be wiped out that way. They’re hiding somewhere, growing their ranks like a cult while biding their time. And to think they’d try to seek revenge when the world is already in crisis due to the Waves.”
Father explained to the Shieldfreeden members in a tone of exasperation. Indeed. Considering what lies ahead, we really don’t have the luxury of dealing with Takt’s remnants.
“You know what Takt is accused of, right?”
“Aye!”
The Shieldfreeden members nodded vigorously, indicating they understood that point.
“They treated the world like a toy, yet the survivors—without even grasping the gravity of their crimes—are now scheming to exploit power and profit, or to seek revenge. Honestly, what do you make of that?”
“We recognize it as an unforgivable, grave sin.”
“Right. Eradicating those scum has become our primary objective. Now, the objective that had become secondary by the time we arrived in this country—I came here to confirm it because we must quell the wave of Shieldfreeden. Also—and this overlaps with my primary reason—I came to take action now to ensure we aren’t ambushed in the chaos of participating in the wave or hindered by the people of Shieldfreeden.”
Wow, so there was such a deep reason behind it all. Just as I’d expect from my Father. I’m sure the people of Shieldfreeden are filled with gratitude for this as well. Otherwise, I’ll make sure to educate them so that I’ll be the one feeling grateful.
“Well… we appreciate your understanding of the Heroes’ mission.”
“The third objective is to maintain public order in Shieldfreeden, oversee the payment of reparations, and root out those who had been building ties with the Takt faction. Hearing my father present his thoughts—laced with a touch of sarcasm—the people of Shieldfreeden all seemed to understand.
Chapter 870 - Karma [2018/03/20 10:00]
“I fully understand the Heroes’ perspective. I intend to do my best to support that vision.”
“…I’ve already asked the people of Siltvelt to spread the word about this, you know.”
My father is seizing this opportunity to corner the people of Shieldfreeden with his words. The people of Shieldfreeden are breaking out in a cold sweat, as if to prove a point. This is exactly it, isn’t it? It means that if it weren’t for the words of my Father—the Shield Hero—you’d have just ignored them! That’s beyond foolish.
“W-well… it’s all the fault of the Takt faction. As for the profit reporting in Shieldfreeden, we’ll address that later…”
“Well, that being the case, I’m counting on you.”
My father issued a threat with a slightly dismissive tone. It was a veiled threat implying he wouldn’t hold back from the fallout, and a warning that if they didn’t take this seriously, the country would be wiped out.
“Ah, you’re free to run away if you want, but if you do, I’ll go ahead and reshape the country as I see fit. Since you chose to stay in your seats instead of running, you must have some resolve, right?”
“Y-yes. It’s precisely because we feel the weight of responsibility for the nation that we’re here.”
“Well then, for the sake of the nation, you’ll have to endure the pain of draining the pus. If you try to sweep this under the rug just because you can’t bear it, I’ll simply excise the entire area where you’re standing, understand?”
With one eye half-closed and an overbearing demeanor, my Father delivered the final threat to the people of Shieldfreeden, and their course of action was thus decided. But… how should I put it? It seemed the people of Shieldfreeden occasionally showed signs of not fully agreeing with Father’s arguments. There were countless examples, such as their refusal to change the terms of their rights.
“Then how do you plan to resolve the issue of postwar reparations?” Father pressed them several times.
For now, the meeting ended on that note, and the schedule for tomorrow was finalized.
---
As the sun set, after a small dinner gathering, we were all escorted to the section of the building where the highest-ranking officials reside to rest. Oh, of course, we’d conducted a preliminary investigation beforehand, and Yuki-chan and the others had also finished their checks to ensure there would be absolutely no enemy attacks. After seeing my Father and the others to their rooms, I’ll go pick up Yuki-chan and the others, who are waiting in my room.
It seems there aren’t the same strict distinctions in Shieldfreeden as there were in Siltvelt regarding me and my Father. So it’s no problem to go hang out right away. My Father must be exhausted, so I’ll offer him some advice and let Yuki-chan and the others help him relax with their charm as Filolial ladies. I’m sure Sakura-chan is already doing this, but the more hands on deck, the better.
I’ll take Yuki-chan and the others to my Father’s room, knock on the door, and go right in. Oh, of course, there are Siltvelt bodyguards and Shieldfreeden security guards stationed in front of the door, but with my free pass, I can get through with ease.
“Father! You must be tired today…”
Just as I was about to say that, I choked on my words. The reason being, I happened to catch a glimpse of my Father having Panda remove his upper body armor and hugging him from behind, burying his face in his back. W-what on earth is going on here? Has my Father already become that close with Panda?
“Uh, listen? Don’t get the wrong idea, okay? Even I don’t really understand what the Shield Hero is up to.”
“Hmm? Naofumi—just when I thought he’d come back to the room, he told Rasa to take off his armor, and once she did, he hugged her from behind. He said it was Sakura’s turn next, so I’m waiting for her.”
My father stayed clinging to the panda’s back for a while, but then he pulled away and looked at me.
“Ah, Motoyasu, what’s up?”
“No, I’m the one who should be asking—what’s going on with you, Father?”
“Hm? Oh… I’m just starting to feel a little tired… I thought maybe I could get away with doing this much, so I decided to give it a try.”
That’s not really an answer. No, you need to think deeper about this, Motoyasu. There must be some deeper reason behind your Father’s actions. Hmmmm… Huh!?
“You want to get cozy with the panda, don’t you?”
It’s a good thing you two get along well. Even your Father in this world needs a reliable partner of the opposite sex, just like your Older Sister. People become stronger when they have someone to protect… Just as I have my dear Filo, your Father… no, it’s not just your Father. Ren and Itsuki also changed because they formed connections with others. So let’s have the panda take on that role.
“After all that deep thinking, that’s it?! I’m telling you, that’s not it!”
For some reason, the panda is suddenly telling me that’s not right. But I’m talking to my Father here! Final answer?
“No, no… It’s just been such a chaotic mess lately that I’m exhausted. I guess I was a little too high-handed trying to bridge the gaps in understanding with the people from Shieldfreeden.”
After all, my father had been talking nonstop for a long time during those meetings with the Shieldfreeden delegation. He’s actually a very kind person, so being harsh with others must have taken a toll on him.
Plus, he hadn’t had a proper break up until now. It’s been a nonstop series of battles ever since the war with Shieldfreeden began. First Faubrey, then Shieldfreeden… I can totally understand why he’s exhausted.
But when I think back on how he’s always been, he didn’t seem like the type to get tired over something like that… That’s what I thought at first, but then I pictured him in the first world, in the midst of a similarly grueling workload, gently petting the kind of monster my Older Sister had created—and the two images overlapped.
Speaking of the first world, I remember that shortly before you, Father, established your stronghold with Filo and the others at Older Sister’s residence, you looked particularly exhausted. Up until then, you’d been scolding people and devising all sorts of strategies to ensure everyone’s survival.
Even though it might have seemed like no big deal to me, perhaps he was feeling a growing sense of guilt. I suspect that incident was the result of Father’s conscience exploding under the stress of being harsh toward someone or maintaining order in the territory. After the world achieved peace, Father referred to it as a “hidden Karma stat,” and I tend to agree.
……Hmm? Memories of the first world are coming back to me. I’ve forgotten exactly when it was, but it’s a scene of my Father talking to my Older Sister while looking in my direction.
“I wonder why Motoyasu doesn’t go on a rampage even as his karma increases.”
“There are still times when he does things that can’t be brushed off as a joke… Maybe he’s already gone off the rails?”
“That might be part of it, but why doesn’t the curse stack up…?”
“Did you call me?”
“I didn’t. Go home. And just stay put.”
“Got it!”
“It’s truly mysterious, isn’t it?”
“I suppose that’s just how people are…”
Thanks to Father, my sister, and the creature created from my sister, I don’t think anything like that has happened since. He must need some healing. I imagine Father is feeling a similar kind of fatigue right now. I suspect he has a habit of stroking fur to unconsciously relieve stress.
That’s a *sparkle*☆, isn’t it?
I see… So this was a habit unique to my Father when he was feeling exhausted. The fact that he’s trying to do the same thing with Sakura-chan suggests he was secretly relying on someone he trusts. I’m sure he was doing something similar with Filo-tan, too!
Woooooooon! I’m so jealous!
Wait a minute, though. The one that Father was stroking in plain sight was the monster created by my Older Sister. Other than that, he’d at most just roughly stroke Keel here and there—nothing that stood out much… It kind of makes it seem like my father didn’t trust Lady Filolial in the first world… but that’s just my imagination! My father absolutely adores Lady Filolial!
“The Spear Hero is pulling all kinds of faces at us—what’s that all about?”
“I don’t know… It’s the same old thing, so I think it’s best not to worry about it too much.”
“I agree… By the way, how much longer do you plan on clinging to me?”
“Sorry, just a little longer.”
“Alright… I wonder if this counts as part of my job?”
“I feel like the people of Siltvelt are manipulating me pretty well, but please, just a little longer.”
“Fine, fine. Go ahead and cling to my back until you’re satisfied. If you’re tired, I guess there’s nothing I can do about it.”
And so, the panda goes along with Father, who seems to have given up and is clinging to her. Father is stroking the panda’s fur. It seems kind of silky to the touch.
“Isn’t a panda’s fur supposed to be coarse?”
“Huh? Oh, yeah, it was like that when we first met. But lately, it’s gotten quite soft, hasn’t it?”
“Well, that’s because she’s been entrusted with guarding the Shield Hero… The folks at the castle want everyone to stay clean and be a support to the Hero, so they’ve supplied her with top-of-the-line beauty products. On top of that, whenever she’s off duty, they force her to go to the spa. Even though it’s not my thing.”
“I see. That’s why your fur has become surprisingly soft.”
“It’s kind of unsettling that my fur’s gotten so soft for no reason. Plus, those guys keep trying to touch me under some pretext or another—it’s incredibly annoying.”
The “those guys” the panda is referring to are probably his subordinates. I’m holding down the fort over at Siltvelt. I heard they’re doing technical training to become even stronger.
“Can I change the subject, if that’s okay?”
“Of course.”
“It’s about Shieldfreeden. There’s this vibe that they have the upper hand in terms of resources and territory, and with their joint development with Takt and the others, their arsenal is fully equipped. It seems they were biding their time, waiting for an opportunity to defeat Siltvelt… You know, kind of like a certain country I know—they were so eager to go all out precisely because they resented Siltvelt, or perhaps because they wanted independence.”
My father begins explaining while hugging Panda. It’s a relaxed discussion. Since it’s a serious topic, I’m listening intently, too.
“There’s no doubt about it… Well, to be honest, when it comes to politics, as a mercenary, I’d actually prefer it if wars and the like broke out. But the folks in Shieldfreeden seemed a bit out of touch—or rather, like they didn’t understand reality. They share the same ‘might makes right’ philosophy as Siltvelt, but their way of thinking is different.”
Maybe he finally saw reality after my father’s threats—he was trembling throughout the meeting. He must have realized by now that defying us would cost him his life. As a result, it seemed like he was trying his best to protect his vested interests.
“As for the meeting… they’re showing determination to arrest the former representative and eradicate the Takt faction, but whenever it comes to other vested interests, they’re bound to latch on. I got tired of all the ‘first come, first served’ talk that kept popping up.”
“I understand how they feel, though,” my Father added. “Well, the people from Shieldfreeden did seem a bit giddy. For better or worse, I think they were being led by the nose by Takt and lacked common sense.”
“You said, ‘Even if you manage to defend these rights to the death, how are you guys going to pay the compensation?’”
“Yeah. Even though we told them we couldn’t pay unless we used those profits toward the compensation, all we got were responses like requests to extend the deadline. And to top it off, they said things like, ‘Please wait—we have a strategy to generate new profits…’ It just felt like the worst aspects of democracy were on full display.”
Come to think of it, Shieldfreeden was a democracy, wasn’t it? Since most countries in this world are monarchies, decisions made by the head of state are usually carried out swiftly. As heroes, we’re in a position where it’s easy for us to voice our opinions to those in power. So, if we offer advice or make proposals to the Queen of Melromarc or the Pig King of Faubrey, we can move projects forward relatively easily.
In contrast, Shieldfreeden is a democracy. While there may be fewer failures, if you try to move something forward and there are opponents, you simply can’t act quickly. I suppose that’s what Father means by “the downsides.” Well, I’ve heard that in a monarchy, if the ruler is incompetent, the kingdom can collapse in the blink of an eye.
Oh? Memories of the first world are coming back to me. This is the issue that had my Father, Ren, and Itsuki all sighing in unison.
“I recall that even in the first world, when peace was established, the waves caused the worlds to merge, and Shieldfreeden was the first to launch an invasion of the newly discovered continent.”
“Ah, so that’s what the ‘Wave’ phenomenon was? Thinking about it that way, it means they were trying to pay off the country’s debt—the reparations—using the goods and money they’d obtained through invasion.”
Incidentally, the same was true for Faubrey. Well, that was largely because Takt’s actions effectively led to Faubrey’s downfall. I recall that the people of Faubrey also tried to pay off their reparations through similar invasions, but the hawkish factions in both nations were wiped out by Father and his allies. That’s what you’d call a fitting punishment. That’s about all I remember.
Chapter 871 - Elegant [2018/03/22 10:00]
“A national character so hopelessly rotten? I’m starting to feel like giving up on them.”
“That’s not very graceful, is it? Sometimes it’s necessary to admit defeat and offer up a part of yourself to ask for forgiveness, don’t you think?”
Yuki-chan is cutting through the prevailing sentiment in Shieldfreeden quite decisively, isn’t she? That she can be quite harsh at times is a sign of her sharp intelligence.
“I’d like to think the commoners aren’t quite that bad…”
“It looks like we’ll have to ask the people about this. Fortunately, Shieldfreeden seems to be somewhat democratic, at least on the surface.”
By the way, it’s only natural to feel very uneasy about that “somewhat democratic” part. After all, despite everything, there’s a history where the races that served as representatives at the time of the nation’s founding by immigrants have continued to govern as representatives to this day. I suppose there’s a possibility for civilians to become lawmakers as well, isn’t there? Though my Father and Finacées from my original world muttered that they were just figureheads.
In other words, while they preach freedom, power shifts based on race, not ability. After all, almost all of the successive Aotatsu leaders have held power. In that sense, power was even more concentrated among a select few races here than it was in Siltvelt.
“Well… this is another world, and I get that you’re supposed to ‘when in Rome, do as the Romans do,’ but… with the threat of the Waves looming, we shouldn’t be able to afford to say things like that.”
That’s true. If this were a crisis facing the world—or a world without the ‘Waves’—I’d probably have just thought, “Do whatever you want.” The old me would have thought, “There’s no point in me, a foreigner from another world, getting involved.” However, for the sake of the truly peaceful world I promised to Filo, I must change what needs to be changed.
“Can’t we get support by using the ‘Shield Hero’ name?”
“You should be revered as a god among the Demi-Humans.”
“For someone in that position, you seemed pretty laid-back, though. I figured that was Takt’s fault, though…”
“As for Shieldfreeden… well, I’m not entirely sure myself, but I remember religious matters being a hassle. In particular, I think there were some Blue Dragon tribes that saw themselves as saints.”
“So, does that mean they didn’t worship the Shield Hero?”
“He’s technically on the divine throne, though. But doesn’t that just mean there are plenty of others besides him? I’m not an expert, so I don’t know any more than that.”
Hmm… that’s quite a hassle, isn’t it? Well, I wasn’t really involved in that much in the first world or during the previous loop, so I don’t know much about it. Back in the game days… I only knew of countries similar to Faubrey. I was too busy hanging out with those pigs to delve deeply into the world’s lore. I only know the basics of its overall history.
“I guess I’ll need to ask around and do some research at the next meeting… Lasa, could you look into it for me when you have some free time outside of guarding me?”
“Sure thing. It might be a good opportunity to have a little chat. I’ll look into it later.”
With that, my father stopped hugging and petting the panda from behind and started playing around with Sakura-chan. Maybe that finally relieved her mental fatigue, because she gave me her usual smile.
“Well… what should we do next?”
“Isn’t it time for a bath?”
“You’re right. Motoyasu-kun… still peeping, as usual?”
“If I can peek, I’ll do it.”
“I always wonder this, but what does the Spear Hero actually want?”
“They say that when a girl is seen while being peeked at, her charm goes up. Even Eclair-san was dumbfounded by that.”
“If that’s all it takes to boost their charm, wouldn’t life be a breeze?”
“I suppose so…”
“As for the rest, well… since we already have a portal, we could return to Siltvelt, couldn’t we?”
We could even go to Melromarc, if we wanted. If you rest in Siltvelt—which is practically as safe as your own home—you won’t have to worry about any unnecessary attacks or the like.
“Yeah. I know that, but Siltvelt… well, it’s just not a place where I can really relax. Who knows what might happen if I don’t have Lasa or Sakura keeping an eye on me…”
“I suppose that’s why you’re always eager to go out and explore places like Faubrey and such.”
“Well, since we’re at it, why don’t we head to Zeltoble? If we pretend to be wandering adventurers, we can easily find a place to stay.”
My Father seems to waver a bit at my suggestion.
“It’s a very tempting proposal, but I need to stay here to draw the enemy’s attention… so let’s wait a few days.”
“So you really do want to go, don’t you? I think it’s a good idea—I’d like to go to Zeltoble for fun, too.”
“Well then, since we’ve had a bit of a change of pace, let’s go take a bath.”
“Got it!”
With that, we wrapped up our conversation and headed for the baths.
---
And so, we ended up taking a bath. By the way, the baths that Shieldfreeden had prepared weren’t the usual kind where the women’s section is separated by partitions; instead, they were in a rather uninteresting layout, located in a room a short distance away. It was mainly a shower area, and the bath itself wasn’t exactly “sloppy”… but rather, it had a structure like a fountain. Through the glass window at the back, you could see the moon.
After washing myself, I stepped into the bath, tossed my hair back, and struck a pose with the large window as my backdrop.
Whoosh!
My hair dances gracefully.
“Whoa! That looks fun! Kou wants to do it too!”
“Go ahead. Kou, follow my lead.”
Just like me, Kou finished washing up, stepped into the bath, and tossed his hair back.
Splash!
His hair dances gracefully.
“You guys are playing some weird game that’s kind of annoying… It’s fine here since we’re washing up, but don’t do that where other people are—it’ll bother them.”
My father is scolding us with the same air of someone who’s reluctantly allowed a child to dive underwater at a hot spring because there were no other guests around. Eventually, my father slowly finishes his shower and steps into the tub. However… this tub is a bit small—or rather, it really does just look like a fountain.
“Well then, let’s do it together, Father. First, place your hand on your forehead and wipe the droplets off your hair…”
“No, I’m not doing that.”
I thought my kind Father might go along with it, but he doesn’t seem interested at all. Personally, I thought Yuki-chan would like it, so I wanted to practice making the movements more refined and elegant, but oh well.
“Well then…”
The women’s section here is a little ways away, but it’s possible to peek in. It feels like I might be able to see if I crawl out the window and make my way along the Wall. Specifically, each bath is set up in a protruding, bumpy section of the Wall. In other words, if I climb out the window and move along the Wall, I should be able to see the women’s bath window.
I open the window and look around. Security searchlights are illuminating the area here and there. And security guards are constantly patrolling the area. What’s more, it feels like there are lookouts in the sky as well… Security is tight.
“Motoyasu-kun? What are you doing?”
“Of course I’m going to peek. No matter how difficult it may be, I simply must see not only Yuki-chan but Sakura-chan as well.”
I raise my spear and prepare my Cloaking Lance and Fire Mirage.
“Seriously, if you’re going to sneak in, why not just go through the changing room?”
“Father, that won’t do. It’s precisely because we’re undertaking a difficult mission that it’s meaningful.”
“No, I can’t get behind that logic.”
“The moon is so pretty!”
“That’s true. Kou, you shouldn’t imitate Motoyasu, okay?”
“Huh?”
Hmm… There’s something about Kou’s attitude—I get the feeling he’s secretly looking down on his Father. I watch Kou while doing my warm-up exercises.
“Kou.”
“What?”
“You shouldn’t underestimate your Father. Otherwise… you’ll end up in a very scary situation.”
“Hmm?”
I have to find a way to make Kou understand. If this were the original “World Standard” version of my Father—or if his older sister were here—Kou would calm down, but that’s unlikely in this world. My Father is already very kind, and as for his older sister… given the timeline, she’s probably already dead. Is there any good way to reason with Kou without angering my current Father?
That’s what I thought… but since neither Keel nor Mole are here, maybe it’ll be okay. What I need to watch out for is when those kinds of creatures show up.
I mean, small animals… It’s not like there aren’t any Siltvelts or Shieldfreedens around. I’ll have to be careful about that.
But! Right now, we’re just peeking.
“Are you coming too, Father?”
“No, I’m not. And you shouldn’t go either, Kou.”
“Is it fun to see people naked? Kou doesn’t really get it.”
Hahaha, it might still be a bit too early for Kou. The time will come when he understands. After all, in the first world, Kou is already married.
“Well, in Filolial form, it’s practically like being completely naked, so it’s only natural he doesn’t get it.”
“Well then, Father, it’d be a big help if you could cast an Air Strike Shield. We can use it as a foothold.”
“No way! Why do I have to help you guys?!”
“Please, just this once! But I’d really appreciate it if you could spare us the Air-One-Way Shield.”
If we use that as a foothold, we’ll just slide right off.
“No, I’m not doing it.”
“If I don’t take a peek soon, Yuki-chan and the others are going to get overheated. Alright, here I go!”
Whoosh! I went into stealth mode, slipped through the window, and moved swiftly along the Wall like a ninja, using every tiny foothold and handhold I could find to make my way toward the women’s bathhouse.
“I wonder where all that enthusiasm comes from…”
My Father muttered as he watched me move swiftly past the window. Don’t you get it? I’m going because that’s where the Land of Eternal Bliss is.
And just like that, I somehow managed to reach the roof above the women’s baths. There was one spot along the way where I had no choice but to jab the wall a little with my spear to keep from falling, but overall, things went smoothly.
Well then… Now I’ll cling to the wall from the roof and peek through the window while hanging upside down. My hair’s sticking to me, which is a bit annoying. But I’ll put up with it. After all, this is the Land of Eternal Bliss.
Then I see Yuki-chan gracefully stretching out her legs as she soaks in the tub, striking a pose. She’s well aware that I’m watching her. I suppose this means Yuki-chan is growing up into a woman. As her father, Motoyasu, I couldn’t be happier.
“...What on earth are you doing?”
Panda and Sakura-chan are staring blankly at Yuki-chan like that, looking utterly dumbfounded. By the way, when Sakura-chan gets in the bath, she reverts to her Filolial form. At first glance, Yuki-chan is the only one who’s naked.
“I’m studying elegant and refined poses, assuming that Lord Motoyasu is watching me.”
“Oh, I see…”
“Hmm… Sakura, I want to take a bath with Naofumi.”
“You’re a kid—why don’t you just ask him?”
“Eclair told me I couldn’t.”
“If he’s the Shield Hero, I think he’d let you in if you asked…”
“Really? Then I’ll go ask Naofumi!”
And just like that, Sakura-chan transformed from her Filolial form back into an angel. What a shame. Wait a minute… Sakura-chan is actually Filo-tan. Which means if I go back to the men’s bath right now, wouldn’t my dream of bathing with Filo-tan come true?
Whoaaaaaa! …But, Filo-tan is Filo-tan! Sakura-chan is Sakura-chan, after all!
No, think this through. Filo-tan… no, Sakura-chan bathing with her Father… what if, by some mistake, Father were to make a move on his own daughter!? I’d be in a real pickle.
“Motoyasu-sama! Are you watching Yuki!?”
Yuki-chan is scanning the area, seizing this moment. She’s worried I might not be watching her. I’ve been hiding, but maybe I should show myself to put her mind at ease?
…I guess I have no choice. I’ll cancel my stealth mode and keep peeking through the window so Yuki-chan and the others can spot me.
“Seriously, you’re such a weirdo… If your charm went up just from being watched, life would be so easy—Eek!?”
The panda looked my way and, for some reason, let out a scream. She noticed me pretty quickly. Just as you’d expect from a top-notch mercenary. But what was that scream about? Oh, was it because I was spotted?
“W-wait, there’s a face above the window!?”
The panda pointed at me, trembling and shouting at the top of her lungs. You’re making too much of a fuss! We’ll get caught!
“It’s Lord Motoyasu!”
“Huh!? The Spear Hero!? I totally thought it was some kind of evil spirit. Is it because your hair’s wet and standing on end?”
For a mercenary, do you actually believe in evil spirits? Well, given examples like the Ghost Crimson Swine, I can’t exactly rule it out. I suppose a mercenary’s job is to be hated by enemies, but I guess even they’re scared of what scares them.
“I’m right here!”
“How did you… You really understand the struggles of the Shield Hero, don’t you? Just get back to the men’s bath already!”
As she said that, the panda began chanting a Magic spell. What on earth is she planning to do!? Casting a disruption spell would be one option, but I’m a man with some sense of decorum. After all, if I get caught, getting scolded is part of the deal.
“Zweite Bend Bamboo!”
A bamboo stalk slithered out from the panda’s hand, snaking along the Wall to appear right next to me, and then—thwack!—it slammed me down. I could have stayed put if I’d braced myself, but this is a punishment, after all.
“Whoa!”
Speaking flatly, I used the bamboo’s flex to launch myself toward the men’s bath area as if I’d been blown away by the Wind.
“Ah, Motoyasu-sama!”
“Well then, Yuki-chan, farewell!”
Waving to Yuki-chan, I grabbed the ledge leading to the men’s bath area and made my way back inside. By the way, it seems Sakura-chan had been given a quick shower by her Father before being kicked out of the bath. It was quite an elegant bath time, wasn’t it?
Chapter 872 - Factory Tour [2018/03/27 10:00]
After enjoying our bath, we took a leisurely rest, and the next morning arrived.
“For starters, let’s head over to the industrial complex where Takt and Shieldfreeden’s former CEO were jointly running their business.”
So, following Father’s instructions, we set out to tour Shieldfreeden’s development facilities for aircraft and firearms, as well as their paper production plant. Oh, of course, there’s a plane ready to take us to the nearest facility, and it’s been thoroughly maintained. It seems Shieldfreeden is desperately investigating to ensure that a terrorist attack like yesterday’s never happens again. Well, if anything does happen, we’ll be able to handle it.
So, after a few hours of whizzing along by plane, we arrived at our destination—the factory complex where the former Shieldfreeden CEO used to issue orders. We plan to use a portal for the return trip.
“I checked it out from the air… I don’t know how to put it, but it feels like a fantasy land.”
“Indeed.”
How should I describe it? It gives the impression of a townscape from the era when industrial pollution was at its worst, by Japanese standards. You can tell they’re making something using heavy machinery—it’s clanking and clanking away.
However… it doesn’t seem to be machinery, but rather golems and the like used in alchemy. If I had to describe it, I’d call it a “fantasy industrial zone.” The sky is colorful, and there’s no black smoke… but well, it’s somewhat similar. I’ve heard that members of the Takt faction explained this as evidence of their commitment to environmental protection.
Perhaps the ever-present rainbow gives off a clean image? There are also crystal-like objects emitting a sparkling light… In a way, you could say it’s a somewhat fantastical place. So, we’ll land by plane and head over to the factory for an inspection.
“Hmm, there’s a weird smell here.”
“Sakura, this is kind of gross.”
“It’s definitely not a place I’d want to stay in for long.”
“It’s gross!”
The Filolials are all furrowing their brows. As expected of the Filolials—their sense of smell is exceptional.
“The scenery is magical, but the air does seem a bit stale.”
“It seems like a good spot for a date, though.”
It’s not so foul-smelling that it’s unbearable; rather, I think you’ll find the atmosphere to be quite different from usual. After all, sharing that kind of unique atmosphere and setting is the secret to a successful date. Ah, I’d love to go to an amusement park with Filo-tan. However, it seems this place isn’t very popular with the Filolials. Let’s make a mental note that this spot is a no-go for when I eventually go on a date with Filo-tan.
“The fact that the idea of a date here was the first thing to come to mind… well, it just goes to show that Motoyasu-kun has quite a bit of experience, after all. But is it really okay to take a girl on a date to a factory?”
“Actually, not only does the factory have beautiful night views, but during the tour, there are plenty of opportunities to learn new things. Based on my standards, it’s just as solid a choice as an amusement park.”
“Huh…”
I should add, “Of course, in my world.” If I were the guy I was before coming to this other world—the kind who preferred intelligence and refinement—I probably would’ve included it as an option. When you think of dates, you usually picture amusement parks or movies, but what really matters is communication. Just as not all men are obsessed with video games or manga… Lady Filolial’s tastes vary widely too! Getting to know each other—that’s what a date is all about! Memories of the time I went on a motorcycle ride with Filo-tan during the last loop just came flooding back!
“It looks like a magical city, but it definitely doesn’t feel quite right. I wonder why.”
Panda is also looking around nervously. Maybe this little guy is sensitive to that sort of thing, too.
Just then, the head of the factory we’re inspecting this time came out to greet us. Apparently, he’s only been in the position for a few days. The previous factory manager apparently abandoned his post and fled the moment he learned of the defeat. Apparently, he was suspected of having ties to the remnants of Tact’s faction or something like that.
“Thank you very much for coming, the party of the Shield Heroes and Spear Heroes. This factory was operated under contract from Nelshen, the former representative of Shieldfreeden, and the felon Takt.”
“So you haven’t shut it down in response to the scandal?”
“Yes… If we were to close it down, the people in the surrounding area would lose their jobs, so we’ve been continuing to produce goods that are in demand… but we do plan to gradually phase that out as well.”
This is… a resource! That’s exactly what Father said last time!
“Demand, huh… I’m pretty sure firearms depend on your level, right? For low-level folks, aren’t they practically just toys?”
“The production and development of firearms that Nelshen was promoting have been temporarily suspended. We’re currently operating production lines for metal smelting, chemicals, paper, and the like. Also, at the request of the Shield Hero, we’ve instructed our employees to recreate conditions similar to those during Nelshen’s tenure.”
In other words, they’re trying to show things as they really are. I suppose that means they’re starting to develop a bit of a virtuous mindset.
“I see.”
“We’re currently operating the production lines that had been temporarily halted for the sake of the Heroes. As for the rest… I think you’ll understand once you see it. This way.”
With that, we set out to tour the Shieldfreeden factory. First, there are documents posted in the hallway explaining the history of how this factory was built. It looks like a memorial hall. Apparently, it wasn’t built as a temporary structure just because my Father and his group were coming; rather, they intended to invite Shieldfreeden’s legislative representatives and create an open, welcoming space… or so they say. All in all, it even covers the history of Shieldfreeden.
“It says that those who strayed from Siltvelt’s policies migrated here in search of a new home, invaded this land where countless tribes clashed, and seized the territory while driving out the indigenous people… so the indigenous people are, you know…”
It depicts battles against rabbit-eared Demi-Humans portrayed as the kind of evil that must be vanquished. ...? I seem to recall seeing these rabbit-eared Demi-Humans somewhere before. Hmm… where was it again? I just can’t remember.
There’s a photo-like image displaying the attire of the defeated indigenous people as war trophies. It shows what looks like a bow. And… is that the moon? I suppose there are various cultures even among the Demi-Humans.
And so, the plant manager proceeds along the main—or rather, the intended—inspection route.
“Here, our nation, Shieldfreeden, handled everything from design to mass production of firearms that could serve as the next generation of weapons. Of course, ore mining was also conducted here, and explosives—which could be used even by those without Magic aptitude—were manufactured within this factory complex as well.”
“How should I put it… yeah, it really feels like I’ve come to a manufacturing plant.”
“Indeed.”
At first glance… judging from the steel production, firearms manufacturing, and development lines, it looks like a solid facility. It seems there’s a demand for this kind of thing, too.
“Well, up to this point, this is the ‘respectable’ route—the one we use to give presentations to visitors.”
“That’s a rather ominous way of putting it. So, you’re going to show us the ‘Darkness’ next… is that right?”
“Of course.”
I heard that the people on the observation tour belonged to Nelshen’s faction and were treated as senior workers. It’s said that since the faction was ousted, they’ve either already fled or been demoted. And so… the factory manager led us through a door at the far end of the tour route.
“And this is the real production line.”
“This is… hmm, are they just showing off?”
Father said this with a slightly exasperated look as he gazed into the depths of the factory. There, in stark contrast to the clean production line we’d seen earlier, was a rusty, dilapidated factory.
Clang, clang… it was a shoddy environment, as if it had been forged in an ancient blacksmith’s shop, now caked in rust. Employees with lifeless eyes were hammering or casting Magic on some sort of parts flowing by on a conveyor belt.
The employees’ faces looked haggard. There were Therianthropes mixed in as well… but their faces were so exhausted it was obvious at a glance.
“Ah, Foreman! That must be the Hero over there!”
A haggard worker looked up at us and flashed a cheerful smile.
“Yes, everyone, please do your best without overdoing it.”
“Yes, sir!”
Then, the employees looked our way, their eyes sparkling slightly as they bowed. Their expressions seemed to say, “We’ve stopped putting on a show now.” Hey, what’s going on here?
“Thank you so much for getting rid of Nelshen and Takt this time!”
“Ah, yes…”
“Please, we implore you to wipe out the remaining Takt loyalists!”
My Father seemed taken aback—he clearly hadn’t expected to be thanked in a place like this—and replied with a troubled expression. True, under normal circumstances, these workers should be the ones in trouble now that Takt and his crew—their employers—had been defeated. So why do they look so happy?
“What do you think?”
“Well… ‘What do you think?’—what do you mean?”
“Thanks to you, the Heroes, we’ve been able to escape those harsh working conditions, and everyone’s full of motivation!”
“This!?”
Even my Father looks genuinely surprised. It looks like they’re happily working in what seems to be the very definition of a “black company.” Suddenly, my knowledge of the original world and the previous loop came to mind. This is something I’d also recalled on the plane on the way to Shieldfreeden.
“If I recall correctly, Takt was a miser and a tightwad, wasn’t he?”
Apparently, he was the kind of person who hoarded money for no reason and refused to spend it even when he should have. By the way, it seems there are many reincarnated people like this—pointlessly stingy. My father was stingy, but he wasn’t the type to hesitate to provide funding where it was needed…
He himself used to say he placed great importance on resource management and productivity. Something about how the more money you spend, the bigger the things you can accomplish. I suppose that means the more you accomplish, the more wealth you generate. Well, this isn’t really my job, so I leave it all to my Father.
“Yes… Although these were the paper manufacturing, firearms, and aircraft businesses promoted by Nelshen, their operations were funded by national tax revenue, and the majority of the profits were treated as operational funds for Nelshen and the Takt faction.”
“Using government tax money and pocketing the profits for themselves…”
“That said, this area was originally a mining region—one that was on the verge of decline—and thanks to the reforms we implemented, the industry flourished… However, since these were new ventures, the tax burden was very heavy, and the employees were forced to endure grueling working conditions. By the end, working hours of over 18 hours a day had become the norm.”
That’s beyond the pale. Is this what they call one of those notorious “black companies”?
“E-eighteen… w-were you okay?”
“Well… many people collapsed, but even in an environment like this, their quality of life had improved significantly, so…”
So they couldn’t escape, yet they had no choice but to endure a situation where they were being slowly strangled. It’s a terrifying environment.
“Above all, because this special stamina-Recovery drink developed by Takt was distributed, such an unreasonable work environment was even possible.”
A stamina-recovery drink, you say? From the looks of it… the container doesn’t seem much different from Magical Power Water or Soul-Healing Water. Still, just knowing he made it makes me view it with suspicion.
“Is that actually safe?”
“Of course not. According to the investigation, it’s so dangerous that its production has been banned.”
“I figured as much…”
My father is completely turned off by this. He’s saying that if you drank something like this, your body would be ruined within a year or something like that. Takt… in a way, he’s quite something. I can’t help but wonder how someone could stop seeing other people as human beings to that extent. Did he want money that badly?
By the way, according to the user, it apparently tastes good. They say it’s kind of addictive or something.
“Since I heard the Hero was coming to visit, I thought the country’s top brass might try to cover this up, so I kept the actual item. I’ll submit it to you, Hero, as evidence.”
Admittedly, given how things were going, it’s possible they would have covered it up so skillfully that it might never have reached Father’s ears. For a bunch of guys who were being used by Takt, they seem to be quite clever, don’t they?
Well then, I’ll analyze this using the alchemy Skills embedded in my spear. Hmm… It’s cleverly concealed, but there’s enough poison mixed in for even me to detect. It shows that it’s extremely addictive. It seems to restore a bit of strength and boost concentration, but it has the effect of drastically impairing cognitive function. This is practically a new type of poison.
Takt must have thought this made him a genius. Or perhaps he figured that with this potion, these guys would keep working forever? As expected, he’s fatally lacking any sense of consideration for his subordinates. I’ve decided to call this “Takt’s Special Stamina Recovery Drink” the “Corporate Slave Drink.”
“Although we’re in a situation where we have to pay a huge compensation claim to Siltvelt, even so, current wages have doubled, and working hours have been cut to one-third.”
“I-I see…”
My father nodded, his voice filled with disbelief.
“Just how extreme of a miser is he, anyway…”
My father muttered under his breath. It seems the conditions are already quite harsh even now. I wonder what it was really like back when the Takt crew was around.
“It’s surprising no one ever tried to break away, isn’t it?”
“Well… if anyone tried to do that, mysterious deaths and illnesses would happen frequently.”
“That definitely means they were being silenced, right?”
“Probably…”
It’s absolutely rotten to the core. It’s amazing people even gathered here under these conditions. Did they just figure there were endless numbers of people to exploit? It’s easy to imagine how they scattered scraps to the poor, forced them into backbreaking labor, and squeezed out massive profits.
“And… as for the profits and funds… at the same time Nelshen fled, the people involved also disappeared with the money, leaving this place with massive debts… Furthermore, since this factory’s production capacity has dropped to half of what it was at its peak, the revenue needed to restore our finances isn’t exactly…”
“Normally, if working conditions were improved and employee morale rose, productivity should recover somewhat—but if it’s still only half even after that…”
So the production conditions were already excessive and appalling to begin with. Or rather, it’s recovered to just half.
In other words, it’s a hopeless situation. Just how much money did the remnants of the Takt faction take with them when they fled? I had no intention of overlooking this to begin with, but depending on the amount, we’ll likely need to raise our alert level. My father began wringing his hands over the fact that they’ve now become a terrorist organization with enough money to rival a nation.
“I never imagined that letting those women escape when I took down Takt would have such lasting repercussions… I envy my counterpart from the other world.”
In the first world—and even more so—if I’d been able to take out Takt quickly, they wouldn’t have been able to flee with the money. In a sense… the damage might actually be even worse than in the first world. It’s a complete sinking ship.
“These are guns manufactured at our factory. We’d like to present them to you, the Heroes, as a memento.”
The factory manager is trying to hand a gun to my Father with a smile. It might not be my place to say this, but I find that smile a bit off.
“No, seriously, I don’t need that. Don’t try to hand it over with a smile—it’s scary.”
This gun… as you’d expect from a reincarnated Takt, it resembles Earth’s firearms. I’m not that knowledgeable about them, but I’ve seen guns shaped like this in manga and such.
“A gun, huh? I’m interested in that. I just need to level up using the Hero’s power, right?”
The panda is taking aim with an assault rifle. I wonder if she even knows how to use it?
“It’s just a little small, though.”
Even for a giant panda, an assault rifle is considered small. Or maybe they’ll modify it for Demi-Humans and increase the caliber?
“For someone like you, Lasa, wouldn’t it be just right in your Demi-Human form?”
“That’s true… but I’m a little uneasy about using it in my Demi-Human form. I’ll think about whether to use it depending on the situation.”
“Hmm?”
“It’s a foolish weapon wielded by foolish people. We can fight just fine without such things.”
“Ahaha—bang bang, that sounds like fun!”
“Kou, you mustn’t treat guns like toys. If you use one, it definitely won’t end with it just being a toy.”
After all, Lady Filolial—whom I raised—has impressive stats. Even a pea shooter can pack quite a punch.
With that, we left the gun factory and headed straight to a paper mill… then a factory making parts for airplanes and other vehicles, and a car assembly plant… visiting one after another. It seemed the working conditions were similar at all of them; the workers told us that after having most of their earnings siphoned off, the owners had simply taken off. The only silver lining is that the workers seem to be on good terms with Father.
Chapter 873 - Dragon Worship [2018/04/03 10:00]
So, when I inspected the town to check the employees’ living quarters… it seemed even worse than the back alleys of Zeltoble. It was worse than a working-class neighborhood during wartime… It felt like people were doing just enough to survive. Takt did put a fair amount of effort into medical and welfare services—incorporating alchemy and other methods—so treatment for illnesses and deaths seemed to be affordable. However, it’s said they also imposed strict quotas and operated a system where medical supplies would be cut off if people didn’t work. In many ways, it’s said that their system—one designed to keep people barely alive while milking them for money—was exceptionally well-organized.
Incidentally, in Shieldfreeden, it seems a project was underway to pave the roads in each city with asphalt as part of road improvement efforts. Large trucks were even being manufactured, and it appears they planned to boost the flow of goods. The problem is securing fuel, though… I hear these vehicles run on some kind of technology that Takt and those swine kept secret? I’m not entirely sure, but we’re waiting for the analysis results.
In the first world… I believe I heard that a merchant from Zeltoble purchased the technology and built a Magic engine. Well, apparently it wasn’t very profitable because of the Filolials and their kind. Either way, I just can’t understand this policy of trying to thoroughly eradicate the Filolials.
After finishing our factory tour, we returned to the capital of Shieldfreeden via the portal. My father is holding his head in his hands, his fist pressed against his brow.
“I feel like I’ve seen the dark side of that whole ‘make a fortune with my invention’ story. Money is something that rots if you don’t put it to work, yet they hoarded it without ever doing anything with it… If only they’d at least shown some mercy by compensating the business rivals they’d defeated… Instead, they’re systematically crushing them…”
“It seems that culture is declining in various ways because of the rampages caused by reincarnated individuals.”
“They were probably creating inventions that wouldn’t stand the test of time and using them to wipe out existing products… It’d be nice if even good things could survive, but they won’t, so the enemy is playing their cards pretty well.”
It’s a strategy that’s far too long-term—exceeding the lifespan of a human. It means that once things proceed exactly as the enemy intends and reach the final stage, defeat is already a foregone conclusion. In that sense, they’re a truly devious enemy.
“As for me, I got to see a lot and had a decent time, though. I’ve honed my eye for spotting things that’ll turn a profit on the battlefield.”
“Lasa, you’re really resilient…”
“So? From the Shield Hero’s perspective, do you think we could manage Shieldfreeden as a vassal state?”
That’s right. Unlike before, we’ll now be under the jurisdiction of Siltvelt. The key question is whether we can use Shieldfreeden to our advantage against the Wave. That said, it looked like it was in shambles because of Takt.
“Honestly, forget about reparations—our finances are in dire straits due to debts and the like. I can’t even imagine a future where things would work out, even if we confiscated all the lawmakers’ profits and poured them into the budget.”
“Even so, do you realize it’s best to stop him from using the Shield Hero’s rights to halt the payment of reparations?”
“Hmm… Honestly, after seeing that devastation, I’m starting to waver—I’m beginning to think we might actually have to go that far.”
“Listen. I’ve been told the same thing by all four representatives of Siltvelt, so I don’t know the details either. But if we were to stop the claims for compensation, it wouldn’t set a good example for the other nations, and it could set a dangerous precedent.”
“…I suppose so. It really feels like we’re backed into a corner… Going out to capture the remaining Takt forces and recover the stolen money actually starts to look like the most constructive option.”
That means we’ve been cornered that much, doesn’t it? If even my father is throwing in the towel, those guys’ determination is truly terrifying.
“Should we turn the place into a wasteland? We could flush out the remnants, and if we sell the land to Zeltoble by the tsubo, we’d make some money, too.”
“Motoyasu, just keep quiet about this. There’s still… a chance we can pull through if the people unite, and—though I hate to say it—we’ll probably have to implement major reforms. Ah… I feel like a serious, hard-working politician right now.”
Are there actually any serious politicians out there? Maybe there’s a difference between my image of them and the reality in your world, Father.
“It seems Faubrey confiscated Takt’s assets, but even so, a considerable amount must have slipped through the cracks… Since that was Takt’s personal money, there are rumors that he must have other hidden assets as well.”
“I don’t think it’s wise to rely too much on hidden treasure. After all, that money doesn’t really belong to Shieldfreeden, does it?”
“That’s true… Nominally, it’s definitely going to Faubrey. This is going to be a mess. We’ll have to have an investigation to determine exactly what constitutes Shieldfreeden’s money…”
It seems my Father wrapped up his testimony along those lines before heading into his meeting with the Shieldfreeden lawmakers. A heavy atmosphere hangs in the air. After all, the lawmakers are well aware that my Father inspected Takt’s factory.
“I did, indeed, have the opportunity to tour Shieldfreeden’s production facility.”
My Father explains to the lawmakers in somewhat grandiloquent language.
“There seems to be a stark contrast between what’s shown on the surface and what’s really going on behind the scenes. And they’re kept in a state of limbo—neither alive nor dead… It was a working environment that would make even a slave trader turn pale.”
A slave trader, you say? In a sense, I certainly felt as though I’d been forced to witness slavery. But… it’s true that the working conditions might actually be worse than those of slaves. In that situation, they’re essentially slaves forced into a harsh environment, lacking only the official slave mark.
By the way, in this world, the status of a slave—aside from torture slaves, duel slaves, and sex slaves—isn’t actually that bad. After all, they’re only forced to work. Slaves are fairly valuable assets, you see. If their bodies were ruined, it would be a total loss.
“I’m actually impressed that riots didn’t break out more often. Wait, come to think of it, the riots were suppressed and swept under the rug, weren’t they…? I really do feel sorry for them.”
“Y-yes…”
The members of the Takt faction do, after all, possess enough strength to break through their limits. If they’d tried to riot recklessly, they would’ve been suppressed by force. On top of that, the bureaucrats were completely corrupt and deeply entrenched… It must have been a hopeless situation.
What kind of hellish country is this? With a territory this large and politics like this, the future looks bleak. After all, it’s a country that was created by combining Zeltoble and Faubrey and then deteriorating in every way.
“First, our policy must be to improve our nation’s production capacity while capturing the remnants of Takt and recovering the vast sums of money that were stolen—and then we’ll need to further boost our production capacity. To do that, we’ll have to raise taxes on the people; otherwise, it’ll be impossible to pay the massive reparations.”
“B-but! If you do something like that, riots will definitely break out!　Do you Heroes intend to exploit Shieldfreeden just like Nelshen and Takt did!?”
“You’re being quite defiant. Well then, shall we just wipe this country off the map and pretend it never existed? That way, we won’t have to worry about money at all.”
“……It’s not like I’m doing this because I want to, you know. I’m only saying this because I can still see some areas where the people of Shieldfreeden have a little leeway in their lives.”
I hear that a stark disparity between the wealthy and the lower classes is a defining feature of Shieldfreeden. My Father must have seen a way forward in narrowing that gap.
“Since the people in the factory district have essentially already paid, let’s leave them as is… As for the remaining wealthy individuals, we’ll just have to compensate them for that amount. We should be able to buy some time before paying the compensation. Under the current circumstances, fleeing the country would likely be treated as an act of allegiance to the Takt faction.”
At Father’s remark, the lawmakers clenched their fists, looking as if they wanted to object. But that’s impossible, you see. I won’t allow it. Still… there really aren’t any decent people among lawmakers and nobles, are there?
“I understand the Hero’s opinion. However, there is one… very significant problem that has come to light in our national survey here in Shieldfreeden.”
“…What is it now?”
“First, regarding the wealthy and middle classes, the overwhelming majority have stated that, for certain reasons, they cannot submit to the authority of the Shield Hero.”
When my Father turned his gaze toward the envoys from Siltvelt, they nodded in agreement. Are they still saying things like that?
“The lower classes, like those in Siltvelt, do revere the Shield Hero…”
“If the lower classes, the wealthy, and the middle class all belong to the same denomination, why is this happening? What is the reason?”
My father asked, tilting his head as if the matter were a bother.
“Well… that’s… largely due to the existence of the Aotatsu race and the Divine Dragons, which are central to our faith here in Shieldfreeden. It was precisely because Takt was favored by both of them that he was able to outshine the Hammer Hero and enjoyed such strong support and trust from the people…”
Come to think of it, given the events leading up to this point, the Hero wielding the Hammer’s Seven-Star Weapon had been completely forgotten. It’s such a humiliating situation that no one even seemed to be aware of him.
According to the story, there was a time when Shieldfreeden somehow managed to wrest the rights to the Seven-Star Hammer from Siltvelt. And yet, look how he’s being treated. Even though he’s already been erased by Takt, it’s truly pitiful.
But don’t worry. In the first world, he was recognized as the bearer by my Older Sister! He even rose to become the weapon that serves as Father’s right-hand man—the most important role of all… He’s the rising star of the Seven-Star Weapons! Though I don’t know about this particular instance.
“In other words, it’s not just a matter of them being opposed to him.”
Come to think of it, the workers reacted favorably toward your Father. Was that also because they were from the lower classes, where the Shield Faith runs deep?
“What about the Divine Dragon?”
“Yes… According to the story, the heroes defeated a dragon said to be the reincarnation of the Divine Dragon worshipped in Shieldfreeden. Even if a new Blue Dragon representative were dispatched from Siltvelt, I doubt they’d be able to recruit from the upper and middle classes unless this issue is resolved.”
This is the kind of hassle that arises precisely because it’s a so-called democracy. That said, if the reason is clear, there probably is a solution. But a Divine Dragon… a dragon, you say…?
“So, while the official religion venerates the Shield Hero, in reality there are two sects within the country: the upper and middle classes practice dragon worship, while the lower classes have a deep-rooted faith in the Shield Hero?”
The fact that the factory workers went out of their way to leave behind actual bottles of “Corporate Slave Drink” might be a sign that they don’t trust the upper echelons of Shieldfreeden—in other words, the wealthy. A vast gap in perception, rooted in religion, has formed between the wealthy and the lower classes.
Is this the major difference between Shieldfreeden and Siltvelt? They really are a troublesome lot. Just as I was thinking this, the people from Siltvelt spoke up.
“Does Shieldfreeden even understand that it’s a defeated nation?”
“You lot are the invaders!”
“It’s only by the mercy of the Shield Hero and the Spear Hero that things have turned out this way! This is a country that conspired with Takt, the enemy of the world. It wouldn’t be out of place to confiscate all their property and enslave every single citizen!”
The people of Siltvelt seem to be quite outraged. Even I think that would be going too far, but I can understand how they feel. If it’s okay to just get fed up with the whole thing and hand it all over in the end, then isn’t that fine?
“Do you even understand your own position?!”
“However, it’s also a fact that the citizens are currently obstructing the investigation into Takt’s faction. I think it’ll be difficult unless we do something about this issue. I say this fully prepared to face the consequences!”
One of the Shieldfreeden councilors spoke forcefully to my Father.
Well, then, why not just punish them? We should make them understand where they stand. After all, Faubrey himself has issued a proclamation declaring that anyone harboring members of the Takt faction is an enemy of the world, so that should provide a legitimate justification for confiscating their assets. If they think it’s fine as long as they don’t get caught, then they’re beyond redemption.
Just as the people of Siltvelt were about to rise again in response to such rude behavior, Father raised one hand to stop them.
“So… you’re saying that in Shieldfreeden’s religious circles, as long as the Shield Hero doesn’t win over the Aotatsu species—or some other powerful dragon that’s beloved by the people—as an object of worship other than himself, the wealthy and middle classes won’t part with a single coin, even if it kills them… is that right?”
“Yes. Therefore, I humbly propose that you, the Heroes, command a powerful dragon to serve as the nation’s new symbol.”
“Well, if it’s just that much…”
My Father was about to make a concession. Right then, a voice echoed in my head.
“Yayyy. It’s my turn!”
I’m pretty sure that’s how it went. You’re not invited here! Brionac!
“I’m making my debut in seven more episodes!”
It’s not April Fools’ Day today! I turned my Rival into a beam of Light in my head. Father, don’t let yourself be swayed.
“Tame a dragon…? That’s out of the question.”
All dragons are enemies. Whether they turn into Dragon Kings, try to curry favor, piggyback on the loop, turn into chocolate, or refuse to speak even though they can—they’re nothing but a nuisance. Especially that noisy guy who hitches a ride on the loop to cozy up to Father—he’s completely out of the question. Just like in the last world, they should just keep quiet.
“Come out one by one! No, I’m going to kill you all right now!”
I’ll climb onto the table and brandish my spear! Of all things, telling my Father to raise a dragon—what on earth were they thinking?! I absolutely will not forgive this!
“Motoyasu, calm down!”
Father is scolding me, but this is a matter I simply cannot compromise on. So what if there’s a dragon?
I’ll wipe out anyone who practices that kind of faith! And harboring the Takt faction—unless Father makes arrangements—is utterly outrageous! It’s a crime worthy of death.
In fact, we don’t even need a dragon. That was proven in the last loop! Even without any Limit Breaks, as long as my Father and I are here, we can figure this out together!
“I understand how you feel, but please try to hold it in for now!”
My Father stood up and put me in a bear hug. Ugh! If it weren’t for my Father, I’d have shaken him off by now! When I relaxed my grip, my Father said,
“…I highly commend you for speaking your mind so strongly to us, even in a situation like this, out of concern for the country. I understand… but I’d like you to wait just a little while. The meeting has reached an impasse, so let’s take a short break.”
“Yes. I’m the one who’s sorry. I realize that someone like me shouldn’t really be offering opinions in the first place. But please… I pray that you, the Heroes, will accept this proposal.”
With that, we ended up taking a break in a separate room. My Father took me by the hand and led me to the break room.
Note: This is entirely a figment of Yari’s imagination and does not represent the actual person.
Chapter 874 - Elephant Therianthrope [2018/04/10 10:00]
What kind of “dragon” or “divine dragon” is that? Just thinking about it makes me furious. That politician… should I tear him to pieces?
“Father, why are you just taking that kind of outrageous nonsense at face value!?”
“That man is probably a decent person. The strength of the Spear Hero… He must have known what kind of person Motoyasu-kun is, yet he still voiced his opinion. He must have been prepared to die for the country.”
Father, you’re actually speaking highly of that dragon-pushing guy from earlier! That’s a huge mistake! Dragons are just good at sucking up to those in power.
“Besides, he came forward with concrete proposals for improvement when things had gotten this bad.”
“If things are this much of a hassle, shouldn’t we just leave Shieldfreeden alone?”
To be blunt, there’s absolutely no reason for my Father to take care of Shieldfreeden. I know the situation is dire due to Takt’s exploitation, but he shouldn’t have the luxury of even saying such a thing.
“……I think if we just leave things as they are, it’ll turn into an even bigger headache.”
“Is that so?”
“There’s a massive divide between the wealthy and the lower classes in Shieldfreeden. Until now, Takt has been keeping everyone in the dark by showing them a happy dream, but that’s gone. In other words, we’re on the brink of a riot.”
Happy dreams… As long as Takt is around, things probably seem to be running smoothly. However, since resources are limited, it’s impossible to satisfy everyone. There will always be a certain number of people who gain and those who lose out. In reality, the system was kept afloat by shifting the burden onto someone—someone hidden from view. Those people are the lower classes.
If a riot breaks out among the lower classes, we’ll be facing not only the situation where we have to pay massive reparations due to our defeat, but also civil unrest. I don’t think the civil unrest itself is such a big problem, but the chaos caused by it would be a convenient situation for Takt’s remnants.
“Even so! We don’t need any dragons!”
“But if things stay this way, there’ll still be a certain number of people willing to harbor the remnants of the Takt faction—even if their entire clan faces punishment for doing so. Those guys have enough money and connections to keep their opponents quiet. Even without that, they’re the kind of people driven by religious fervor, so I’d prefer to keep them in check if possible…”
Ugh… I never imagined that letting him slip away back then would lead to such a huge mess. This is just too much, no matter how you look at it. For that total nobody, Takt, to leave behind such a troublesome problem—I wish he’d just cut it out already!
“The fact that he’s hoarded money and has all sorts of connections behind the scenes makes this incredibly troublesome…”
“Takt is a reincarnated being… Unlike us, he’s been active for years, so the difference in raw ability is showing. And since he was covering up the problems himself, they’re all coming to a head now that he’s gone. This pattern matches the characteristics of reincarnated beings that Motoyasu-kun mentioned.”
…Reincarnated individuals must have been erasing the traces they left behind in this manner. I suppose you could say it’s a situation that can’t hold together without the person himself? Since Takt has vanished, Shieldfreeden will inevitably collapse—both in the original world and in this one.
“I never imagined that people driven by a desire for revenge would be such a hassle… There must be more they could do… But then again, since they were content with the benefits and status they gained from Takt, I suppose it’s only natural.”
I remember that my Father was deeply troubled by that very thing when he came to Siltvelt. This might sound harsh, but this world is essentially a loop back to the initial world. Therefore, it’s a loop with very little information. Since I couldn’t provide much information either, the Father didn’t have many options. That’s probably why we’re in this situation.
“All we have to do is exterminate every last one of those swine’s relatives!”
“We’re already doing that on a global scale. But even those factions are lying low, biding their time. Even with the power of Faubrey and Siltvelt… we can’t exterminate every last one of them.”
Ah, I’m painfully aware of just how much easier it was in the first world—and in the worlds where we were able to swiftly dispose of Takt up until now. It’s infuriating to see those vermin-like creatures multiplying. If they organized into an army and came swarming at me, I’d wipe them out myself.
“Well… I don’t think there are that many clever people around here, even within the Takt faction, but letting those guys slip away was a real blow.”
“So, is Father going to raise a dragon to pay for that!?”
“If Motoyasu-kun doesn’t want to do it, I guess I’ll just have to do it myself.”
“I don’t want Father to raise one either!”
Not a single one of these dragons is any good. A self-proclaimed “weakest” who’s strangely pathetic, a pervert who wants a sex change, and a needlessly carnivorous sycophant! Not to mention the misguided Takt supremacists. …Even setting my personal feelings aside, aren’t there really no decent ones among them? What’s the point of increasing the ranks of such people!?
“You’re such a spoiled brat, Spear Hero… Isn’t it just a matter of raising a single dragon?”
“I’m not being spoiled! Sakura-chan isn’t happy about it either! Even Filo-tan hates the idea!”
Philo-tan was always fighting with those dragons. No matter what happens, I can’t possibly let my Father raise a dragon under these circumstances. In the loops so far, he only reluctantly agreed because he judged that we had to do it to overcome the crisis! Now that we know we’ve already overcome the crisis and peace will come, they’re just unnecessary people.
“Motoyasu-kun, calm down.”
“I can’t calm down! We can protect the world without any dragons, and without breaking through the level cap!”
“Breaking through the level cap…? Come to think of it, if we use the core of Takt’s dragon, we can perform the ritual to break through the level cap, right?”
Oh no! My father has caught on to the “breaking the level cap” idea he’d tucked away in the back of his mind! He must have completely forgotten about it, what with being so busy with post-war cleanup and the Shieldfreeden issue. In the last loop, I managed to get by by manipulating his perception that it wasn’t necessary, but here I’ve made another huge blunder. But! I’m not an idiot, you know!
“We can manage just fine even without it!”
“Come to think of it, Motoyasu… before we entered this loop, you mentioned there was a troublesome dragon that had started tagging along on the loops, didn’t you?”
Ugh… When I returned to this loop, overcome with emotion, I ended up telling my Father a few things—albeit only a little. After all, I’d been taught before that gathering intelligence on the enemy is crucial. I was simply putting that advice into practice.
“F-Father?”
Before long, my Father lowered his gaze and began to ponder deeply. I get the feeling that the anger he’d been showing just a moment ago is quickly fading away.
Motoyasu, you’ve made a fatal mistake, haven’t you?
I felt as if I could hear my own voice saying that. I-it’s all right. No matter what Father says, I won’t listen to him. Dragons are nothing but a nuisance, after all. Since the previous loop proved that, it’s an unshakable truth.
“Hmm… if we go this way…”
Just as Father muttered that, he looked up.
“Looks like you’ve got a good idea. It’ll be interesting to see if you can convince the Spear Hero.”
“I suppose so.”
“Even if it comes from you, Father, I cannot approve of raising a dragon.”
“Calm down, Motoyasu. Try looking at it from a different perspective.”
No matter how I look at it, my conviction won’t waver. Through my countless loop experiences, I’ve observed dragons from every angle. As a result, I’ve concluded that dragons are the enemy.
“The dragon Motoyasu-kun was talking about—it loops just like Motoyasu-kun does… I’m pretty sure it stores its memories inside a spear and transfers itself that way, right?”
“That’s right. What’s your point?”
“Think about it carefully, Motoyasu. What’s troubling you about being in this world? The Sakura-chan who’s already here is actually Filo-chan in another world, isn’t she?”
……? Why are we talking about Filo-chan and Sakura-chan when we’re discussing dragons?
“Y-yes, that’s right.”
Faced with my Father’s persuasion… I feel a cold sweat running down my spine. My wild instincts, honed alongside Lady Filolial, are telling me: That I cannot win against Father’s persuasion. I’ll definitely refuse!
“Then… if I can persuade that dragon and understand the method, even if it’s impossible in this world, when I become Sakura-chan in future loop worlds, wouldn’t she pass on her memories to the girl named Filo?”
“What!? Does that mean Filo-tan and I will be together forever!?”
Guh!? Motoyasu—the part of me dedicated to “Dragon Extermination”—collapsed after taking a punch from my Father!?
“U-uh, you must not accept that. Such a proposal… it’s bound to fail.”
Dragon-Exterminating Motoyasu! Don’t get back up! Here, Motoyasu, driven by his love for Filo-chan, approaches Dragon-Exterminating Motoyasu.
“It’s all for the sake of achieving true peace with Filo-chan! For that reason, we must accept this momentary pain!”
With a thud, the Motoyasu who loves Filo-chan stomped on Dragon-Hunting Motoyasu and delivered a follow-up blow. Then, straddling him, he locked Dragon-Hunting Motoyasu in a reverse crab hold.
“Guaaaaaaaaaa—What are you doing?! You should be ashamed of yourself for using a dragon’s power! You lot will absolutely regret this! I’ll curse you allllllll!”
Clang, clang, clang! In my mind, the victor’s chant and the cheers of countless Motoyasus erupt. Then, just like in a hero interview, Motoyasu—who loves Filo-tan—took the mic and made a proposal.
“There’s no need to exploit your Rival Dragons to find a new Dragon… There are exceptions to every rule. As frustrating as it is, there is a Dragon who has actually managed to get along with Filolial-sama.”
W-why are you bringing up such a taboo subject here!? Weren’t you supposed to be Motoyasu, the one who loves Filo-tan? However, it’s a fact that such a situation did exist in the past.
“We just need to make that child the Dragon Emperor. Once they become the Dragon Emperor, their stats will surely be the same. We can have them analyze the spear and use the space that the Rival was using.”
Oh! That’s a brilliant idea! Forever! It’s the Eternal Filo-tan Plan! The birth of the strongest Filo-tan the entire world—and every loop—has ever hoped for!
“That’s a brilliant idea! We absolutely must do this!”
My Father nodded gently at my words. As expected of my Father—I’m glad I consulted with him. Now that I have a concrete plan to solve the problems within the loop, I know exactly what I need to do. Wooohooo, I’m going to give it my all!
“Hmm… this is impressive. You’ve really gotten the hang of handling the Spear Hero, haven’t you?”
“Well, I’ve gotten pretty used to it by now. I figured you’d agree to this proposal.”
Even I would change my mind if I heard Father’s brilliant idea. His suggestion was just that compelling.
“But Father, I’ll be the one to carefully select which dragon we raise.”
“As long as Motoyasu-kun’s satisfied, that’s fine by me. Well then, let’s head back to Siltvelt and retrieve the Dragon Emperor’s Core that’s been stored in the warehouse.”
And so, with our course of action decided, we returned to the meeting with the people of Shieldfreeden, where it was decided that we would accept the proposal. And so… we used a portal to return to Siltvelt right then and there. In the blink of an eye, we arrived at Siltvelt Castle!
---
The Shusaku representative and the elderly Genmu representative, who had returned ahead of us, welcomed us.
“—So, to boost our approval ratings in Shieldfreeden, we’ve decided to start raising dragons.”
“What a pitiful lot…”
“Don’t say that. This is a nation founded by those who could never fit in at Siltvelt to begin with. It was only to be expected that their faith in the Shield Hero would be lacking.”
Each representative replied. Naturally, their reactions toward the people of Shieldfreeden were rather contemptuous.
“After all, wasn’t it our own excessive devotion that ended up causing trouble for the Shield Hero? Perhaps believers like those in Shieldfreeden would have been better suited to support the Heroes’ efforts. Of course, that’s excluding ambitious individuals like Takt’s faction.”
“But…”
“In time, we’ll simply guide the people of Shieldfreeden to worship the Shield Hero through the Dragon. Just think of this as the beginning of a new history.”
That’s right. My Father is educating the people of Shieldfreeden. In other words, I, too, am standing at the beginning of a new history where I can loop with Filo-chan. What a truly heartwarming turn of events. Lord Filolial looping… Let’s name this year the First Year of Loop Filolial.
“…Understood.”
The representative of the Shusaku clan took a step back.
“Then I shall present the Core Stones stored in the castle’s treasury.”
Saying that, he gave orders to the soldiers, sending them to retrieve the Core Stones requested by Father. If I think of them as the materials needed to loop with Filo-tan, my aversion to the Dragon Emperor’s Core Stones lessens somewhat. Once we have some spare time, we should gather a few more.
“Well, in the meantime…”
Exuding a strange aura, the two representatives of the Siltvelt species flashed suspicious smiles. My father was looking at them both with a puzzled expression. These guys… what on earth are they planning to do?
“Bring her here…”
“She’s already waiting.”
“Then go fetch her.”
Following that exchange, accompanied by somewhat heavy footsteps, a therianthrope entered the throne room from the front. That fellow… is a large elephant therianthrope. Dressed in an ornate knight’s outfit, he approached my father—who had been seated on the throne—and crouched down to salute him.
“Oh?”
At this point, Panda blinked several times at the therianthrope and spoke up. My father tilted his head toward the two representatives, furrowing his brow.
“This is Elmero-Puhant. She belongs to one of the most powerful families in Siltvelt and has been traveling the world to broaden her horizons.”
“That’s one way of putting it… She’s not some so-called ‘prodigal knight’ who’s been wandering the lands as she pleased just because she couldn’t inherit the family estate, is she?”
As Panda said that, the therianthrope glared sharply at him. But it was only for a moment; he then turned his gaze to Father and continued to stand at attention, looking tense. Father looked at Panda and gave him a signal, as if to ask, “Do you know him?” Panda nodded.
“Back in the day, when I was testing my strength in Zeltoble, I met him briefly. As far as combat goes… as far as I know, he ranks within the top five, excluding those under the Hero’s protection and the Takt faction.”
“Huh… So, why is someone like that here?”
“After the recent upheaval, she was dispatched to the Faubrey area, where she played a key role in capturing Nana Alsaholn Faubrey, a key figure among the remnants of the Takt faction.”
That name sounds familiar.
Chapter 875 - A Little Bird Riding on an Elephant's Back [2018/04/17 10:00]
Hmm, where was that again? Oh, I think that was the name of Takt’s little pig sister.
“Was she Takt’s sister?”
“Yes. She seemed to resent being designated an enemy of the world, so she broke out of her hiding place and was running amok. I ran into her there, and after a head-on battle, I managed to subdue her. Here are the details…”
As he says this, Zou hands over a scroll. Since my Father in this loop isn’t very good at reading or writing yet, he’s having someone nearby read it aloud to him.
To summarize the situation briefly: Takt’s little pig of a sister broke out of her hideout, used violence to punish those who spoke ill of Takt, and was running amok when this Zou came across her, leading to a fight. It seems he managed to capture her, but he let the others—except for the little pig—escape. However, when the Little Sister Pig called out to her comrades for help, Takt’s remnants reportedly spat, “That’s what happens when you get too big for your britches just because you’re his sister,” and abandoned her.
“So basically, they used Takt’s sister as bait to escape?”
“It appears so.”
Just hearing about it makes me want to vomit.
Then, Zou—who, like Panda, had been working as a semi-mercenary—took the Pig Sister to Faubrey for the bounty. Apparently, he was suddenly honored in his home country of Siltvelt for the feat of capturing such a big fish. The reason given was something about him being a knight in name only.
Word has it that Takt’s sister was taken to the Pig King’s harem to be used as a source of information. Apparently, the hideout she revealed was already completely empty. It seems no important information has come to light so far.
“I see… Congratulations.”
My father praised him as if he were fully convinced. Following that, a representative of the Shusaku clan and an elder of the Genmu clan stepped forward and declared:
“Our nation, Siltvelt, highly values the achievement of capturing the enemy of the world—the Takt faction—and Takt’s relatives who had been in hiding. Therefore, we appoint Elmero-Puhant as the Guardian Knight of the Shield Hero.”
“Whaaaat!?”
At this point, my Father let out a cry while making a blatantly displeased face. Being a Guardian Knight means—just like Panda—she’ll be under my Father’s command. Isn’t it enough just to receive words of praise from my Father, the Shield Hero?
“Wait a minute. Why!?”
“A reward for her achievements is absolutely essential. Besides, she’s a former Free Knight with strength and a broad-mindedness rivaling Rasazusa’s. I believe it would be too much of a burden to have only Rasazusa as the Shield Hero’s Guardian Knight.”
“Even so…”
When my father turns his gaze toward Zou, the Zou therianthrope—who seems quite nervous—is fidgeting with his hands clasped together. For such a big guy, his reaction is rather subdued.
“What are you so shy about? Where’s your usual feistiness?”
“S-shut up! I-I’m sorry!”
In response to Panda’s provocation, Zou is arguing back while correcting himself. Ah, so he’s just winging it. It’s inconvenient when you know people, isn’t it?
“Well… I do think it’s a burden to have Ms. Larsa be my bodyguard all the time, but Motoyasu-kun and Sakura-chan are here too…”
“I understand that the Spear Hero and his Filolial followers are here. However, it’s also a fact that Siltvelt must take the lead in protecting you… For the sake of boosting morale, I’d be grateful if you could accept this.”
Hearing this, my Father let out another sigh.
“…All right. I was planning to have Larsa look into various things anyway, and considering what lies ahead, it’s better to have more people on hand. But an elephant, huh… I have this memory of nearly being attacked by a mammoth in the bath…”
“Ah, she’s probably my cousin. I apologize for having such an unrestrained relative…”
Zou said, as if the words were being squeezed out of him. Is Zou a relative of the mammoth? The races of Siltvelt are so diverse that I’m not entirely sure, but I suppose that’s just how it is.
“Ah, yeah… I don’t mind… Just don’t expect too much from me. You seem a little anxious about your position—are you okay?”
“Yes. It’s been determined that you’ve established a track record worthy of this role.”
“Oh, I see. If you’re aware of that, then fine.”
With a tone that sounded almost resigned, my Father sat back slightly in his throne, looking as though his motivation had waned. Zou, on the other hand, took on an expression brimming with enthusiasm.
“Yes! I look forward to working with you from now on. I, Elmero! I intend to stake my life on protecting the Shield Hero!”
“Ho ho ho, just don’t put too much pressure on yourself. Just like Rasazusa, you just need to protect the Shield Hero naturally.”
The old man of the Genmu clan cautioned Zou. This… it seems I’m gradually getting a sense of the Father’s type. I sense Attributes in Zou that are somewhat similar to Panda’s. It’s a strategy to win over the Father that’s different from both Panda’s and the Older Sister. I remember a Rival doing something similarly underhanded a long time ago.
“Nice to meet you.”
Father’s dry reply left quite an impression.
“Wow, you’re huge! You’re even bigger than Sakura!”
Sakura-chan cheerfully approaches Zou.
“I look forward to getting to know you.”
“Nice to meet you!”
When Sakura-chan greets him, Zou smiles gently.
“Want a piggyback ride?”
“Huh? What?”
“Like this.”
Saying that, the elephant crouched down, scooped up Sakura-chan, and, using its trunk deftly, placed her on its head. Sakura-chan broke into a smile, probably enjoying the higher vantage point.
“Whoa, I’m so high up!”
Sakura-chan placed her hands on the elephant’s head and looked out at the surroundings.
“It’s totally different from jumping!”
“That looks so fun! Let Kou ride, too!”
“Sure. Go ahead.”
And just like that, Sakura-chan and Kou started getting excited. Oh, look—the elephant is carrying Sakura-chan and Kou at the same time. That’s heavier than a panda.
Hmm… this is a fine elephant. I’ll bump up its rating a little.
“That’s so improper!”
Yuki-chan calls out to them, but Sakura-chan and the others aren’t listening at all. Well, I suppose it’s not really Yuki-chan’s style.
“I wonder if he likes kids?”
“I don’t know about that. Isn’t he just trying to score some points?”
Perhaps oblivious to the panda’s snide remark, the elephant carried Sakura and the others on his back and walked around the throne room for a while.
“A little bird riding on an elephant’s back… just kidding,”
Father muttered—a remark that really stuck with me.
---
A little while later, the Dragon Emperor’s Core Stone I’d requested was brought in from the treasury.
“…Huh? Was it like this?”
My father examined the shattered Core Stone, which had been extracted from the Takt Dragon I’d defeated.
“Is it different?”
“Yeah. I remember what it looked like when we extracted it, so I can tell—it’s shattered differently. Doesn’t the color seem a little off, too?”
Upon hearing that, I’ll check the dragon’s core stone. It looks like nothing more than a pile of shattered crystal shards. But… I’ll use a high-precision appraisal to verify the Dragon Emperor’s core stone.
Imitation Dragon Heart
After the name “Dragon Emperor’s Core Stone” flashed briefly, it changed.
“It’s a fake!”
“What!?”
“What!?”
When I announced this, everyone nearby swarmed around the Core Stone and began examining it. Then, a thorough search of the treasury began. Apparently, there were faint traces left behind by an intruder who used advanced stealth techniques. It’s believed the crime likely took place around the time we went to Shieldfreeden.
“Surely not… did thieves actually slip through these security measures and break in!?”
The people of Siltvelt all let out cries of astonishment. Since Siltvelt is a nation of Demi-Humans and Therianthropes, security at the treasury is extremely tight. The fact that the crime was committed while some could still sniff out the location of even those in stealth sent a chill down our spines.
“Even with the Filolials Motoyasu-kun raised standing by in the castle, they still didn’t notice…”
Among the people I know, there are only a handful who possess such skill.
First and foremost is my older sister. She’s always been a master of illusion magic, and I’ve heard she held a significant advantage even against the Fox of Takt. Next are the creatures my father created based on my older sister, whom he cherished so dearly. They’re technical experts just like my older sister.
Next would be… my older sister’s late friend. That one was also incredibly skilled at hiding, which is why Lord Filolial couldn’t detect him. However, in this loop, he should already be dead.
Could it be that my older sister… has joined the Takt faction or something!?
No… let’s think this through calmly. Stay cool. What if my Older Sister, who came to pick me up, is simply testing me now that I’ve restarted the loop? She’s testing whether I can handle a loop journey with Filo-tan using dragons.
But… if that were the case, I feel like she’d have warned me beforehand. I don’t think my Older Sister would go about things in such a roundabout way. If anything, I’d rather she just brought Filo-chan here. I just can’t understand why she’s making me loop again.
Anyone else…?
“Hey, Motoyasu-kun, given how specific this is, I think there’s a possibility the Takt faction is involved. Do you have any idea who might be capable of this?”
“Well, the Fox has already been taken care of…”
If he were still alive, he’d be the first person I’d suspect, but in this world, he’s already been dealt with. As for anyone else… it’s just a motley crew.
“With so few clues, it’s highly likely the culprit is someone who’s received proper training. Perhaps someone from a nation’s covert operations unit…”
“Come to think of it… I seem to recall that among the pigs executed in the first world, there was a guy who belonged to the Shadow Division of Faubrey?”
Perhaps my words struck a chord, because Father and the others from Siltvelt all looked convinced. Am I on the right track?
“I see… If there’s a high-level Shadow involved, it’s not impossible.”
“If the goal were assassination or planting dangerous items or poisons, we’d be able to detect it, but while the Shield Heroes are away… Ugh… My apologies, Heroes!”
“You’ve got to know there’s a limit to how lax your security can be! Assign people who can uncover these cover-ups more effectively.”
Because of you lot, the ‘Filo-chan Eternal’ plan is on the verge of falling apart. Shieldfreeden and Siltvelt are cut from the same cloth! You’re nothing but a bunch of incompetents.
“No… don’t worry about it. I thought they’d be targeting us, but seeing them pull a stunt like this makes it clear we need to deploy the dragons even sooner.”
Father muttered, as if he’d grasped the gravity of the situation. It certainly feels like we’re falling behind in various ways. It feels like he’s come to understand firsthand just how troublesome these hidden terrorists are.
“Does that mean they also want to retrieve the Dragon Emperor and seize real power in Shieldfreeden?”
“No, Shieldfreeden is already practically a vassal state of Siltvelt, so even if they brought in dragons from outside, it wouldn’t make any difference.”
“Is that so?”
“Yeah. It’s strange that the Takt faction would go to such lengths to flaunt a dragon like that. It’s basically them proving they’re part of the Takt faction. Of course, it might make it easier for them to lie low.”
So that means there must be another reason. Knowing Takt, it’s quite possible he’s been discussing all sorts of things with those pigs.
“That seems likely… Well, In a few months or so, the seal on the Spirit Tortoise is supposed to be broken.”
“The Spirit Tortoise?”
“That’s right. It’s said to be a powerful guardian beast—a monster that gathers the souls of living creatures to create a barrier that protects the world from the Waves. Because of it, nearly… about two-thirds of the world’s population was once sacrificed.”
“Two-thirds… that’s an extraordinary number…”
Indeed. Ultimately, protecting the world came at the cost of that many lives. These are the very ones who caused us trouble in the next loop of this cycle.
“So there are creatures like that, too. I get that, but… what does that have to do with this?”
“There are four types of guardian beasts in total: the Spirit Tortoise, the Phoenix, the Qilin, and the Dragon King… Takt’s dragon is connected to the seal of the Dragon King, and it can actually become the Dragon King!”
“What!? So you’re saying the stolen Dragon Emperor’s Core Stone will unleash the Dragon King?”
“Good heavens…”
Almost everyone present has turned pale. Well, I suppose it’s a good thing they’ve come to realize just how troublesome the Dragon King is.
“The remnants of the Takt faction possess a Core Stone with that much power… They can take revenge on the Heroes and conquer the world by force at the same time. To think such a means lies within something like that…”
“This is a real headache… Should we start getting ready to flee?”
“Lasa!”
Zou is scolding Panda. Since Panda is a mercenary, he always seems so carefree.
“Guardian Knight Lasa Zusa! Be mindful of your position!”
“I know, but isn’t it okay to say something like that?　The world doesn’t run on charity alone, and as a leader, shouldn’t you be thinking about the people?”
“Guh…!”
“Calm down. Lasa isn’t serious. He’s just saying we should probably start preparing to evacuate.”
“It’s a bit embarrassing to be overestimated like that, though. It just means that if I were a mercenary, I’d already be thinking about pulling out.”
“It’s certainly important to keep evacuation in mind. But the people here are all tough guys. Isn’t that what we’re here for—to overcome difficulties?”
Panda and Zou have different opinions, don’t they? I guess that just shows there are differences even among former mercenaries. Personally, I agree with Zou’s opinion. If the Dragon King shows up alone, it’s game over.
“Use the full might of our nation to capture that thief! And since this issue has long since surpassed the scope of a single country, report it to Faubrey immediately!”
Chapter 876 - A Little Girl with Blue Hair [2018/04/24 10:00]
What a heavy atmosphere is starting to take hold here.
“Well, if the Dragon King shows up alone, I could take it down by myself.”
My Father almost slips and falls. Everyone around him has a similar reaction. Did I say something strange?
“We can win… Why didn’t you say so sooner?”
“Back then, a series of misfortunes piled up like a domino effect.”
Ren and Itsuki went and broke the seals on the Spirit Tortoise and the Phoenix on their own, and on top of that, Takt refused to be persuaded and attacked us—and that’s what triggered the appearance of the Dragon King. I believe the reason we lost was that three seals were broken at once, causing the Qilin to appear as part of that chain reaction. Even for someone like Motoyasu, it’s impossible to single-handedly eliminate the Four Spirit Beasts rampaging across various locations. As a result, in that loop, I ended up splitting up from my Father and the others to take them down.
“Since the condition was to defeat them all at once, even I had a hard time with it, but I think we can handle it if we organize our forces now.”
A single Guardian Beast is just a pushover, after all. Now that we know how to deal with them, we should be able to finish them off before they trigger a chain reaction.
“All we can do is pray that doesn’t happen. Still… our plan just got derailed all of a sudden.”
“If you want the Nuclear Stones themselves, you can buy them on the market, or I can procure them from the wild.”
“Motoyasu-kun deserves praise for sticking to his policy of not relying on that dragon—who’s supposed to be an acquaintance. Still, even if we were to raise one, whether it could surpass the enemy Dragon Emperor… it seems breaking through its limits would be difficult.”
My father began to ponder further.
“To begin with, Motoyasu, that Rival kid—doesn’t he essentially get ‘overwritten’ whenever he’s near one of our dragons?”
I didn’t quite understand what my Father meant, but I don’t lie. I’ll tell you the facts. So, I explained what happened in the instance where the Rival passed through my spear.
“In that case, wouldn’t we get a similar result even if we raised him right here? It’s not so much ‘overwriting’ as ‘possession,’ so wouldn’t any dragon do the same if it were close by?”
“That’s true.”
“However… since this world is a loop, that child’s original self still exists, right?　It’s not like they weren’t born, so if we were to pull them in, that child in this world might end up as an empty shell, right?”
“Isn’t worrying about that guy unnecessary? We didn’t need to summon him in the first place.”
There’s no need for that kind of concern. It’s not that we need him—we just need the place he was using. For the sake of my “Eternal Filo-chan” plan, I’ll have my Rival disappear.
“I think he’s already dead by now, anyway. So if we raise him, he’ll return from the afterlife.”
“…What do you mean by that?”
My father furrowed his brow and asked for an explanation.
“Well, it’s like this. Rival’s parents were slain by Ren in Melromarc after the first wave of heroes had finished their mission. Shortly after that, adventurers from a nearby village raided the parents’ lair, slaughtering all the monsters. The Assistant was enslaved, and the eggs were taken back and sold off. It seems the Rival dies at that time.”
“……”
My father pressed his hand to his forehead.
“By the way, a plague breaks out from the dragon’s carcass and strikes the neighboring villages, so it’s a case of karma.”
“It’s Melromarc’s own fault, but it’s still tragic, isn’t it?”
“Foolish… Don’t the people of Melromarc even understand that much?”
The representative of the Shusaku clan said with contempt. The people of that village were greedy, after all. I can’t imagine they had that kind of foresight.
“I heard that Ren fled from Melromarc toward Zeltoble, right? If that’s the case, wouldn’t it make sense for the plague to have spread by now?”
“Since it’s only been a short time since the outbreak, I don’t think it’s become that much of a problem yet.”
At least, based on the timeline, there’s still some leeway before the second wave hits. I think it’s a little earlier than when my Father from the first world defeated the dragon zombie.
“That said… in a situation where we’ve run out of options like breaking through limits or boosting our combat strength, having that kid around would probably let us move things along more quickly.”
His necessity is rising to the point where I suspect they’re secretly trying to steer things in that direction behind the scenes. Grrr… I have to talk to him for the sake of the Eternal Filo-chan Project, but it’s an absolute pain.
“The very fact that we have to rely on a dragon is unpleasant, isn’t it, Motoyasu-sama?”
“I suppose so… but this is unavoidable if I’m to fulfill my ambition… Sakura-chan, you’ll just have to bear with it.”
“Hmm?”
Sakura-chan tilts her head, looking a bit dazed.
“A dragon… Nooo~”
She’s reluctant, but she’s still as laid-back as ever. I wonder what it would be like if this were Filo-tan?
“Dragons are the worst!”
She’d be screaming at the top of her lungs, looking right at my Father. This contrast… I just can’t seem to reconcile Sakura-chan and Filo-tan in my mind.
“To begin with, since Itsuki isn’t here, we’re the ones who have to quell the unrest in the Melromarc region, aren’t we?”
As for the Four Holy Heroes, Ren is in hiding in Zeltoble, Itsuki died in battle, and the only ones left are me and my Father. As for the Seven Star Heroes… the Claw, the Hammer, and the Whip exist in Siltvelt, but their owners are missing. As for the others, aside from the staff held by the Trash, they’re all wanted worldwide under Faubrey’s orders. I’m sure the owner of the gauntlets hasn’t been found yet.
That means the axe and the throwing weapon are still missing. It’s a pretty hopeless situation, isn’t it?
“We can just leave the Melromarc Wave to Trash and the Queen.”
“Well… I guess that’s true.”
My father agrees, glancing at the people of Siltvelt. For the record, we’ve made it appear as though we’ve captured that fake Trash alive. Will that Trash actually be of any use in the Wave? It’s certainly highly doubtful. I still haven’t figured out the conditions for my loop itself. It’s no longer a loop triggered by Ren or Itsuki dying—if defeat in the Wave or something like that is a condition, then we’re out of luck.
“We should go, if only to repay Melromarc a favor. After all, Ms. Eclair worked hard for our sake, too.”
“Ho ho ho, it’s also true that Miss Seaetto went out of her way for us. As allies—and ultimately, for the sake of the future of Siltvelt—it might be a good idea for you Heroes to pay a visit to Melromarc at least once.”
The old man of the Genmu clan agrees. He agreed rather readily—could there be some reason for that? I thought you lot considered Melromarc an enemy nation—what’s the story there?
“The Three Heroes Church has been designated a heretical cult and is in a state of collapse… It would be wise for the Heroes to conduct an inspection for the sake of the future. All the more so if there are those who possess the means to manipulate Shieldfreeden.”
The representative of the Shusaku race also agrees with Father’s policy. So why are you lot—the representative races of Siltvelt—so eager to maintain friendly relations with Melromarc? Hmm… Could it be that? The possibility of the Dragon King’s revival… I heard it would require the sacrifice of two-thirds of the world’s population, so perhaps these fellows are just scared out of their wits.
“That said, Melromarc is the realm ruled by the Wise King and the She-Fox. It’s also true that if we aren’t extremely careful, they’ll exploit any opening… Please be very careful.”
“So, our plan is set. Let’s head to Melromarc as soon as possible… After all, despite everything, we’ve already succeeded in getting back at those who’ve caused us so much trouble.”
In this playthrough, my father was lured out in a carriage on the very first day of the summoning and fell into a trap, didn’t he? There were countless obstacles along the way as well. We made the mastermind behind it all pay, but in the end, my father’s triumphant return to Melromarc will be nothing short of a relentless barrage of harassment.
“I’d also like to say hello to Ms. Eclair… Let’s head to Melromarc.”
“Understood! But…”
I turn my gaze toward Sakura-chan.
“What is it?”
Going to Melromarc means there’s still an issue that’s inextricably linked to Sakura-chan. I’d like to nip that in the bud as much as possible.
“That’s enemy territory. For your safety, Sakura-chan, you should stay behind.”
“Eh?”
Sakura-chan gave me a puzzled look. Father is wearing the exact same expression as Sakura-chan.
“What about Yuki?”
“And Kou?”
“Yuki and Kou will be just fine.”
“Eh? But Sakura can’t come?”
“Why just Sakura?”
That’s a perfectly valid question. It’s because I have a Finacée who’s becoming friends with Filo and Sakura at an incredible speed! …But there’s no way I could ever say that out loud! I’ll have to come up with some excuse to get Sakura-chan to stay home.
“Boo!”
Sakura-chan puffs out her cheeks, angry that she’s been left out. That’s not it at all! It’s my own wish! I simply cannot allow her to get into an inappropriate relationship with my Finacée!
If my Finacée and Filo-tan were just best friends, I wouldn’t say a word. I’d even want them to build a beautiful friendship. But that Finacée is getting all cozy with Filo-tan… How envious… No, I can’t say any more than that. I have to stop that future from happening.
“If it’s dangerous, wouldn’t it be even more helpful to have Sakura-chan there?”
“I’d like to understand your reasoning, Motoyasu-sama… but is Sakura really so useless that she can’t be counted on?”
That’s not true at all! Sakura-chan has done a splendid job protecting my Father. I can vouch for that.
“Staying behind… Motoyasu, do you hate Sakura?”
Sakura-chan tilts her little head and stares at me. Suddenly, that gesture overlaps in my mind with the image of Filo-tan, her eyes brimming with tears, pleading with her Father. Ugh…
“I love Sakura-chan very much! But it’s dangerous, so you must be very careful! Especially around little girls with blue hair!”
“What’s with that specific detail…? Motoyasu-kun, if you have knowledge of the loops, could you please explain it properly so I know how to handle this? For example, is Sakura-chan killed by that person in Melromarc in every loop?” ”
“She hasn’t been killed.”
“You’re answering that one honestly, aren’t you…? So, in other words, there’s someone in Melromarc who’s extremely inconvenient for you, Motoyasu-kun.”
It seems my Father generally understands the situation. Just as I was thinking that, the representative of the Shusaku clan muttered:
“Filolial… and the blue-haired little girl in Melromarc. Could it be…”
Gulp!? I’ve got to get there fast, or my Father will get suspicious!
“Well then, let’s get going! Come on! Father, better late than never! Let’s go!”
“Huh? Oh, okay. So—”
No way! I stepped between my Father—who was about to speak to the Shusaku representative, who seemed to have an idea—and urged him on.
“We have to hurry or the sun will set! His lair is far away, after all!”
“O-okay, Motoyasu-kun. Let’s get going, then.”
“Yay!”
And so, we ended up heading to Melromarc on short notice. Of course, the regular members are me, Father, Yuki-chan, Kou, and Sakura-chan. And from Siltvelt, Panda and Zou are coming along as my Father’s bodyguards.
Oh, and just so you know, an old man of the Genmu clan is reportedly going to speak with the queen, accompanied by a few attendants, so he’s coming along too. With this group, we immediately used the portal to teleport to Melromarc.
---
“Hahaha! Wait for me, Mel-chan!”
“Sakura-chan!”
After that, we arrived at Melromarc Castle and requested an audience with the queen. While I took my eyes off Sakura-chan and the others for just a moment, before I knew it, my Finacée was playing with Sakura-chan.
What on earth is going on here!?
I thought I’d been keeping a close watch the whole time, but the moment I shifted my attention to greeting the Queen and the news that Éclairs were on their way—that split-second lapse was exploited, and my Finacée ended up making contact with Sakura-chan. To begin with, Sakura-chan may be laid-back, but she’s incredibly curious. While she was darting around, exploring within my line of sight… she fell prey to my Finacée’s wiles!
“Huh? There’s a child playing with Sakura-chan—I didn’t even notice. Is that one of the noble children visiting the castle?”
“That must be Melty Melromarc, the Second Princess of Melromarc. I believe she came to scout out the Heroes in her capacity as royalty… Ho ho ho, how charming.”
The old man of the Genmu clan seized the moment to explain the situation to my Father. Grrr, I thought.
“Her appearance matches the description Motoyasu-kun warned us about earlier to a T.”
Father said this with a subtle expression—part exasperation, part concern. That’s exactly why I warned him. This is my Finacée’s territory… I should’ve been more on guard. I really should’ve insisted on having Sakura-chan stay behind, even if it meant pushing my luck.
“Grrr…”
“She’s having a lot of fun playing tag with Sakura-chan, and Yuki-chan and the others look like they want to join in, too.”
My father walked over toward Sakura-chan and my Finacée. Noticing him approaching, my Finacée snapped back to her senses, lightly adjusted her skirt, and greeted him.
“Good afternoon.”
“G-good afternoon. You’re getting along well with Sakura-chan, aren’t you?”
“Y-yes.”
“Ah, it’d be a big help if you didn’t get too nervous… but I suppose that’s asking too much.”
Well, it is their first meeting, after all. Plus, my Father is the Shield Hero. There are certain steps one must take to get along with the Second Princess, who is his Finacée.
“Mel-chan, this is Naofumi. He’s the Hero that Sakura and the others are trying to protect.”
“I see… Judging by the weapon you’re holding, you must be the Shield Hero. My name is Melty—Melromarc…”
“Ah… yeah. I’m Naofumi Iwatani, the Shield Hero who was summoned to this castle a little while ago, and I’ve come for an audience as a representative of Siltvelt.”
“Regarding the Shield Hero and the Spear Hero on this occasion, I apologize for the numerous acts of disrespect committed by the heretical cult in our country, the Three Heroes Church, as well as by impostors posing as my father and older sister… As the Princess of Melromarc, I offer my sincere apologies for this discourtesy.”
My finacée bowed her head politely with a slight nod. So, technically, the Crimson Swine and Trash were considered impostors, weren’t they? No, wait—wasn’t the adventurer named Myne, who was impersonating the Crimson Swine, supposed to have been dealt with?
Chapter 877 - The Escape from Ignorance [2018/05/01 10:00]
"Ah, yeah... Um, don't worry about it. The ringleader got what was coming to him, after all..."
The conversation between my Finacée and my Father seems a bit awkward. This... feels a lot like the atmosphere when I persuaded Ren and Itsuki to go to Faubrey. In other words, it’s highly unlikely that my father will be swayed by my Finacée!
“Father! Do your best to kick that guy out!”
Here’s my suggestion! It’s not too late yet! My Finacée has only just started getting along with Sakura-chan. If we act now, we should still be able to turn this around!
“Motoyasu, that’s really rude.”
My father furrowed his brow and scolded me. But Father, if things keep going like this, Sakura-chan will end up falling under the Finacée’s spell.
“Um… what does Second Princess Melty think of Sakura-chan and the others?”
“Um…”
My Finacée lowered her gaze and looked at Sakura-chan.
“These kids, you see, are actually monsters called Filolials. They’ve been a huge help to us, and they’re strong enough to be relied upon.”
“Yes… just a moment ago, they gave me a ride on their backs.”
What?! When did she get on there?! I refuse to accept that my Finacée and Sakura-chan are bound by the red thread of fate! I refuse to accept ittttttttttt! Perhaps sensing my Ki, my future Father calls out to me, giving me a second look, then—for some reason, breaking out in a sweat—calls out to my Finacée.
“So please be very careful.”
“Naofumi Sakura, I want to play with Mel-chan more!”
“Hmm… If Second Princess Melty is okay with it?”
“Y-yes! I want to play with Sakura-chan and the others, too!”
Seizing the moment, my Finacée agreed. Time to back off.
“Well then… as long as you don’t stray too far… I’d like you to play with her until I’ve finished speaking with Her Majesty… Princess, would you mind?”
My Father backed down! I want him to forcefully separate me from Sakura-chan! I want him to refuse just like he did last time. But… for some reason, even last time, my Father let Filo-tan get along with my Finacée.
“Yes!”
“Also… about my older sister, I’m sorry… you must be holding a grudge, right?”
“Um… my older sister is still alive (on paper), so the one who was defeated by the Heroes was a criminal who tried to overthrow the kingdom. Please don’t worry about it. Well… there are all sorts of things going on regarding which of us will succeed as the next queen…”
Motoyasu Ear didn’t miss what the Finacée muttered under her breath! I can tell from the bottom of my heart that she doesn’t care one bit about Crimson Swine’s life or death! Well, from what I’ve heard, she was apparently up to all sorts of things without Trash noticing. Crimson Swine is the absolute lowest of the low even among pigs, so I suppose it can’t be helped.
“The Shield Hero need not worry about our country. Please… take your time and enjoy your visit to Melromarc.”
“Yeah, take care. Well then… Sakura-chan and the others, get along well with Second Princess Melty.”
“Okay!”
“Understood.”
“Yay!”
Sakura-chan and the others, led by Filolial-sama, started playing with their Finacées. Grrr! That’s just how it is!
“…I finally get why Motoyasu-kun was so determined to have Sakura-chan stay behind.”
My father narrowed his eyes and walked over to me. He understood, so why wouldn’t he listen to me!? I just don’t get what my father is thinking.
“Father! Why is that?! Why did you allow Sakura-chan and that guy to hang out together?”
“Motoyasu-kun, that girl… she’s probably going to become best friends with that girl named Filo, right? They’re becoming close at an incredible pace, and it’s not dangerous, is it?”
“It’s dangerous! That guy… and Sakura-chan are the same gender! It’s unhealthy!”
I just want Filo-tan to be healthy. It’s not that I’m trying to rule out the possibility of being with her just for my own selfish reasons. I’m telling the truth!
“…Sigh.”
“That ‘Spear Hero’… is such an idiot, isn’t he?”
“Larsa… shh!”
The panda and the elephant are giving me pitying looks as if this were their chance! What’s with that!?
“So that’s how it is… Still, a Finacée…”
“My Father actually approved it!”
“I guess there must have been a reason he had to.”
“It’s an unhealthy relationship!”
“With that Second Princess, it’s clearly nothing more than friendship, no matter how you look at it. They seem to be having fun, so let’s just watch over them, Motoyasu-kun.”
“Guh… Sakura-chan! You can’t do that!”
My cry echoed throughout the area.
---
Soon, Éclair—looking thoroughly exasperated—arrived to escort me to my audience with the Queen.
“Lord Kitamura’s voice was echoing throughout the castle.”
“Ah… I’m sorry, Ms. Eclair.”
“No, on the contrary, I was relieved… Lord Iwatani, it’s good to see you’re still your usual self.”
“Yeah.”
“Well then, the Queen is waiting. The Shield Hero and Spear Hero, and everyone from Siltvelt, this way.”
With that, Éclair began to lead the way. Of course, my Finacée seemed to have waved to Sakura-chan and the others the moment Éclair arrived and headed off ahead. Guided by Éclair, we were led into the throne room where the queen awaited. The queen was already seated on her throne.
“Welcome… I am Queen Mirellia Q Melromarc, ruler of Melromarc. It’s a pleasure to meet you all.”
“Um… this is the second time I’ve had to introduce myself here. I’m Naofumi Iwatani, summoned as the Shield Hero.”
“I’m Motoyasu Kitamura, The Love Hunter!”
“Motoyasu-kun… Well, since she probably knows who you are anyway, I guess it’s fine…”
We introduced ourselves as representatives. The people from Siltvelt introduced themselves afterward as well—it’s just a formality, I suppose.
“On behalf of my country, I apologize for the immense trouble caused to the Shield Hero and the Spear Hero, as well as everyone from Siltvelt, due to the rampage of extremists in Melromarc.”
The queen said that and bowed her head slightly. Yeah, yeah—as expected, the queen really does have a virtuous heart.
“No… We were able to travel to Siltvelt without incident, and now that the ringleaders have been dealt with, I don’t think there’s a future for either side if we let this grudge linger.”
“We are grateful for the Shield Hero’s mercy. So… what brings you to our country on this visit?”
After some small talk, the queen will ask us about our purpose. By the way, the people of Siltvelt all seem a bit wary. Well, she is, after all, the Queen known as the “She-Fox of Melromarc.” I suppose they assumed there was something ulterior going on. From the Queen’s perspective, it’s hard to imagine that her Father harbors any warm feelings toward Melromarc, so I suppose it can’t be helped.
“Um… regarding this visit, I came because I realized there were essential matters I needed to attend to in Melromarc in order to resolve the issue concerning the remnants of the faction led by Takt, the felon who deceived the Hero in Faubrey.”
My father is going to explain the issue regarding the remnants of Takt’s faction to the Queen. However, he won’t mention that the purpose is to gain support in Shieldfreeden. I suppose it’s so she won’t see it as an opening to exploit?
“Furthermore, as an ally, we wish to assist Melromarc—which is currently facing the threat of the Waves without its Bow Hero and Sword Hero—as a friendly force. Accordingly, we would like to request the right to move freely within the country.”
“I see… Very well. It is Melromarc’s duty to cooperate so that the Heroes may act freely to overcome this global crisis. We grant full permission for your activities within our borders and will provide assistance. Please let us know at any time if there is anything you need.”
“Thank you.”
As expected, the Queen gets straight to the point. It really ought to go this smoothly. Shieldfreeden could learn a thing or two from her.
“And… let’s leave the formalities at that for now. There is a matter I’m not normally at liberty to discuss, but it’s one that could ultimately cause significant trouble for you, the Heroes, and indeed everyone in Siltvelt. I would be grateful if you would listen to what I have to say.”
The Queen raised her fan to signal, and some of the soldiers and ministers left the room as the doors were closed. A private conversation, I suppose. The people of Siltvelt went on high alert. Don’t worry. Even if the Queen were to do something, I’ll wipe it all out.
“Should we be on guard against anyone lurking in the shadows as well?”
“Yes… We’re about to discuss matters that would be extremely problematic if overheard. Everyone, please be very careful…”
“Then I’ll cast Magic to flush out any hidden intruders. If you’re working for the Queen, reveal yourselves or get out of here.”
“Go ahead.”
At the Queen’s word, I’ll cast the Liberation Fireflash spell. This will make it impossible to hide and eavesdrop. While it’s not impossible that there are bugs or the like, I should be able to spot any devices planted in a place like this right away.
“So, is there a problem with that?”
“Yes… Actually, an imposter claiming to be the Wise King of Wisdom—who had been arrested by Knight Eclair and imprisoned—has escaped with the help of an unknown accomplice. We are currently dispatching a pursuit team in secret.”
The Queen speaks with a slight sigh. Trash escaped? Honestly, what on earth is everyone up to?
“That means… in other words…”
“Yes. It means someone posing as the Wise King of Wisdom is lying low somewhere, biding their time… Regarding this matter, I am addressing it as a scandal so shameful it brings disgrace upon you, the Heroes—this is my judgment as Queen. Please be on your guard.”
“That’s incredibly sloppy… Did you let him escape on purpose?”
“I have no words to respond.”
Indeed. It really is a blunder so grave I’m at a loss for words. However, considering the loops we’ve been through so far, I can’t imagine the Queen making such a basic mistake. It would be more natural to assume there’s a reason behind it.
“The circumstances seem too convenient… With all due respect, may I ask what the reason is?”
Father, having also noticed something, asked the Queen.
“Of course. One of the nation’s finest knights, who was on guard duty, was killed without even having a chance to defend himself. It appears a coordinated attack was carried out specifically to let the impostor ‘Wise King of Wisdom’ escape.”
As she spoke, a young nobleman—who had remained behind at the Queen’s instruction—handed us some documents. To make it easier to understand, illustrations of the crime scene and a video crystal were displayed. With practiced ease, he pointed out the corpse of the knight who’d been stabbed through with a sword and the broken-into tower where he’d been imprisoned… the very tower where Trash had been locked away. That rings a bell. In other words, Trash escaped with the help of someone.
“……”
Father examined the documents and footage, then fell deep in thought for a while.
“The impostor posing as the Wise King of Wisdom… has been repeating phrases like, ‘Before I’m imprisoned, I’ll avenge the adventurer Myne, who was executed by the Spear Hero!’ along with a barrage of insults and abuse. As things stand, there’s a real risk he’ll cause even more trouble for the Heroes.”
“That’s…”
“It’s anyone’s guess just how capable this impostor—who’s now taken on the role of the Wise King of Wisdom in earnest—will be… Please exercise the utmost caution.”
So, Trash who’s gotten serious is racking his brains to take revenge on us? HAHAHA! No matter how much Trash he is, that’s impossible.
“To address this issue, Melromarc has decided to dispatch Knight Eclair—who made a tremendous contribution during this recent upheaval as an escort for the Shield Heroes and Spear Heroes—as their bodyguard. I can only pray that you will accept him.”
Following the Queen’s orders, Éclair steps forward, salutes, and bows his head.
“O-okay. We’ve definitely received Melromarc’s decision.”
“Once again, I count on you. Lord Iwatani, Lord Kitamura.”
In other words, Éclair has been officially dispatched as my Father’s bodyguard to resolve the issue of Trash’s escape. Well, I suppose Éclair is fine, isn’t he? It wouldn’t look very good if we only had huge pandas and elephants around.
“Is there anything else… you’d like to request of Melromarc?”
“In that case, I’d like to register with the Dragon Hourglass in preparation for the next wave.”
“Understood. Please escort the Heroes to the Dragon Hourglass. Knight Eclair will handle the funds for your activities within the kingdom.”
“Yes. Thank you very much. As for the rest…”
Father glanced briefly in my direction and toward Sakura-chan and the others.
“Before the audience, I had the opportunity to meet this country’s Second Princess, and it seems she spent a very meaningful time with the children who are part of our group. If the opportunity arises again, would you mind letting them play with her?”
Father, why are you being so considerate!? The Queen nodded as if she understood after hearing the details from her subordinates.
“Understood. As long as you, the Heroes, remain in the castle, I fully grant permission for you to interact with our Second Princess. Please foster this friendship.”
“Thank you.”
I feel like my Finacée’s expression—who had been silently watching the proceedings from the throne room—has brightened slightly. Sakura-chan and the others are waving at my Finacée, too. It really feels like they’re saying, “We’re friends!”
No, no, no! Unhealthy relationships are absolutely out of the question!
But the voice of my inner thoughts, crying out like this, failed to echo through the room… and so, the audience with the Queen concluded without a hitch.
Chapter 878 - Filolial Master [2018/05/08 10:00]
“Ugh… Father. That was pretty harsh.”
I said that on the way back from the audience.
“Still, Sakura-chan and the others seemed to be having a great time, didn’t they?”
“True… I don’t remember ever seeing Princess Melty look like that before. Yuki and the others seemed to be having fun, too.”
After the meeting, we returned to the reception room for a moment. By the way, Éclair is here with us, too. What’s this? Are you my enemy as well? If that’s the case, I’m going to make sure you work hard from now on.
“You’re just like a Filolial Master, Second Princess.”
“That’s my title!”
Why on earth does my Finacée have such an enviable title?!
“I’m a Filolial Master, too!”
“A self-proclaimed Filolial Master…”
“I, too, feel that Lord Kitamura’s unwavering resolve is reassuring to witness. Now then…”
Having said that, Éclair bowed to the representatives of Siltvelt before responding with a salute. It feels like she brushed it off rather casually.
“Once again, my name is Eclair Seaetto, dispatched from Melromarc to serve as the Hero’s bodyguard.”
“Given her track record of assisting the Shield Hero on his journey from Melromarc to Siltvelt, her lineage as a representative of friendship, and her personal qualities, there could hardly be a more suitable candidate.”
The representative of the Shusaku race nodded, looking convinced. So there are no objections, then.
“Regarding the battle the other day, she also served as a liaison with the Queen of Melromarc. I’m sure anyone in Siltvelt would acknowledge her.”
The elder of the Genmu race doesn’t seem inclined to raise any objections either. Well, judging by the patterns of previous loops, Éclair should be trustworthy.
“As the representative of Siltvelt, I grant permission for Éclair Seaetto to serve as the Shield Hero’s bodyguard.”
And so, it seems Éclair has officially been added to my Father’s bodyguard detail.
“Nice to meet you, Ms. Éclair.”
“Hmm. It seems you’ve gained some new companions, Lord Iwatani and the others, since I last saw you.”
Éclair turns her face toward Panda and Zou.
“Yeah. How should I put it… There’s Ms. Larsazusa, who distinguished herself in the last war, and Ms. Elmero-Puhant, who captured Takt’s sister. Because they each achieved great feats, they’ve been appointed as my Guardian Knights and will be serving as my bodyguards.”
“I see. As you’ve probably heard many times before, I’m Eclair Seaetto. We’ll be working together from now on. I’m counting on you.”
Saying that, Éclair extends his hand for a handshake. Panda shakes hands with Éclair.
“Alrighty then. I’m Larsazusa. Let’s skip the formalities, shall we? Don’t make a big deal out of rank and all that, okay?”
Panda replied to Éclair in a slightly rude tone.
“Rasa, that’s rude. I’m sorry. This guy’s a mercenary through and through; he was promoted to the rank of knight because of his outstanding performance.”
“I see… In Siltvelt, there’s a tendency to find beauty in the wild. I, too, have no intention of getting hung up on trivial matters. Now then… Did you say your name was Elmero-Puhant?”
“Yes. I’m a newcomer who was just appointed today, but I look forward to working with you.”
By the way, Zou always walks around the castle in a crouched position. His head hits the ceiling, you see. What’s more, depending on the location, he can’t even pass through some hallways or doorways. It seems his massive frame causes him all sorts of trouble. Melromarc Castle wasn’t built with the kind of large-framed people found in Siltvelt in mind.
“Puhant… Ah, so you’re from that renowned family in Siltvelt—one whose name is renowned for its strength, separate from the Four Representative Clans?”
“…Yes.”
Zou nods, turning his face away slightly. Éclair tilted her head ever so slightly as she shook hands with Zou.
“You call me a former mercenary, but you, of all people, used to be a good-for-nothing so-called knight, didn’t you? And how long are you going to keep pretending to be a borrowed cat?”
“Lasa!”
It seems Panda and Zou are the kind of pair who bicker precisely because they know each other so well. I feel like my Father and Finacée from my first world were like this. They must get along incredibly well.
“No, please don’t worry about it. Lars-chan really does have a sharp tongue, hehehehe…”
“It’s no problem. I’m sure you’ve heard about the history between Lord Iwatani, the Shield Hero, and me, but please don’t let it bother you too much. You’ve all been appointed because you each have your own roles, haven’t you?”
“You bet. I’m not really in the mood to get too aggressive, though.”
“Yes. I’m well aware. It’s an honor just to be entrusted with this duty.”
It seems he’s speaking as if he’s fully aware of everyone’s individual motives.
“Well, I imagine Lord Iwatani and the others can already defend themselves quite well on their own, but since we’re all knights… I’d be happy if you could let me know later just how skilled you all are.”
“Sure thing. My shoulders have been a bit stiff lately, so this might actually be good.”
“It’s easier to join forces once we know how strong our fellow knights are.”
Zou’s tone is starting to soften a bit. Does that mean he finds it easier to talk to someone like Éclair?
“I suppose I’ll have to show off my ‘Bamboo Grove’ moniker, won’t I?”
“Not quite as impressive as the Queen of Earthquakes, though.”
I can tell that Mera Mera, Panda, and Zou are all burning with fighting spirit. “Bamboo Grove” and “Queen of the Earthquake”? Hmm… I’ve heard that phrase somewhere before. Where was it again?
“They’re both pretty cool, aren’t they?”
“The Love Hunter! Motoyasu Kitamura can’t let himself be outdone either.”
“Well, in Motoyasu-kun’s case, it’s just a self-proclaimed title…”
“Hmm, I’m truly looking forward to this. So, Lord Iwatani, what is your original purpose for coming to Melromarc?”
Whoops, I almost forgot. The original purpose is the Eternal Filo-chan Project.
“Ah… If I tell Ms. Eclair, won’t it get back to the Queen of Melromarc?”
“Lord Iwatani, I, too, hold a position involving classified information. I have no intention of doing anything that would put us at a disadvantage regarding issues in Siltvelt, with whom we’re building friendly relations.”
“Well, that’s good to hear… To put it simply, there are various things I need to do in Melromarc to establish governance in Shieldfreeden and deal with the remnants of Takt. Based on information I gathered using Motoyasu-kun’s knowledge, that is.”
“I see…”
Perhaps because I’d been talking about loops and such earlier, Éclair believed me without a second thought. It went smoothly—that’s good.
“Also… well, we’ve got our own scandal here—one serious enough that we can’t be blamed for Aultcray’s escape. I’d like to settle things on that front as well.”
“Given the current situation, Melromarc can’t really press the issue, so that’s not a problem. So, what exactly happened?”
“Takt’s Dragon Core Stone was stolen. That’s why we need to take various measures on the Melromarc side.”
Oh... This is a story that won't make sense unless you understand how the Dragon Emperor works. Well, Éclair must have heard a little about it along the way, but she probably doesn’t know the details.
“Hmm… This has some similarities to the Aultcray incident. It’s highly likely the same culprit is behind both.”
“Yeah. Well, since we could’ve asked the Queen about this part already, it’s fine if we talk to her about it later.”
“Is that okay?”
“Yeah. Motoyasu trusts me, and after actually talking to him, that’s what I concluded. So… regarding this Dragon Core Stone—I’ve learned that, depending on how it’s used, it could summon a monstrous beast, so I want to take precautions… and I’d like you to make the call.”
“Understood. As for the details, just let me know once Lord Iwatani… or even Siltvelt makes a decision. After all, I was dispatched here to protect Lord Iwatani and the others from Aultcray’s rampage.”
Hmm. Éclair is a serious person, so I don’t think there will be any problems, generally speaking.
“So… according to Motoyasu-kun’s information, it seems a plague is spreading due to the carcass of a dragon that Ren defeated in the mountains east of Melromarc. Can you confirm this? It’s something we’d like to handle.”
“Hm? Was there such a report? Well then, I’ll go check it out.”
“Naofumi, Sakura, I want to play with Mel-chan.”
“I wanna play!”
Sakura and Kou must be getting bored—they’ve started begging my Father. No, you mustn’t! If you interact with your Finacée any further, your Heart gauge will go up. You absolutely must avoid reaching MAX Hearts.
“Well, we’ve got some time before we move on… Alright, go ahead.”
“Then let me take you to Second Princess Melty. Feel free to play to your heart’s content in the castle gardens.”
“Okay!”
“Yay!”
T-This… the way things are going, I can’t very well say no. I guess I have no choice. Well, since my Finacée won’t harm Sakura-chan and the others, I’ll let it slide just this once. Just this once, mind you!
“Yuki-chan, you should go too.”
“Yes, ma’am!”
Zou is watching Sakura-chan and the others as they act like that.
“…Elmero-san must be feeling a bit cramped… Yeah, could you keep an eye on Sakura-chan and the others?”
“But…”
“It’ll be fine since Lars-chan and Motoyasu-kun are there. Actually, I’d like you to make sure Sakura-chan and the others don’t wander off on their own.”
My Father sensed the situation and asked Zou. Zou then bowed deeply before replying.
“Thank you very much. Well then…”
“Father! May I come along too?”
“Since Motoyasu is the only one who knows the exact location, I’d be in trouble if you weren’t here.”
“Come on now!”
And just like that, Éclair led Sakura and the others, along with Zou, out of the room. The representative of the Shusaku clan and the elder of the Genmu clan also left, saying they had business to discuss with the nobles of Melromarc. It seems they’re taking this opportunity to discuss matters with a group of people who share similar aspirations to Éclair’s.
Before long, cheerful giggles could be heard coming from the castle gardens. Looking out the window… it seems Zou is letting Sakura-chan and the others—including his Finacée—ride on his head, or lifting his trunk to show them even higher up.
“That’s not really his style, is it…”
Panda replied, muttering to himself.
“Does Elmero-san like kids?”
“Well, I don’t know… but I do get the feeling he likes giving people a ride. If anything, I think he was doing it to have his subordinates carry out precise attacks.”
Being an elephant, he’s a bit rough around the edges, I suppose. However… if I may say so, his way of babysitting doesn’t seem quite as skillful as Father’s or my Older Sister’s. It’s different from being good at taking care of people or enjoying it… the phrase “likes children” seems to fit him perfectly.
“It does suit him, actually. He gives off a vibe where you feel you can trust him with them.”
My father has a soft spot for people who are good with children. In that sense, I suppose the people from Siltvelt made the right choice. I’ll have to be careful. Just as I was watching this scene from the window, Éclair returned.
“Lord Iwatani, Lord Kitamura, excuse me.”
“Welcome back, Ms. Eclair. How did it go?”
“Hmm… Based on Mr. Iwatani’s testimony, I checked with the castle’s intelligence services and the Adventurers’ Guild, but apparently, no such incident has occurred in the eastern region of Melromarc.”
“Huh?”
“To begin with, there are no reports in Melromarc of a dragon being slain by the Sword Hero.”
My father is looking right at me. That said, at this time of year, Ren would have been hunting dragons in the eastern part of Melromarc as a stepping stone, and their corpses should have rotted by now. Still, if they say it didn’t happen, then I suppose it didn’t. So let me try to recall what Ren was like around the time the first wave ended. It was quite a while ago, so my memory is a bit fuzzy…
“If I recall correctly, Ren was complaining that after Melromarc had weathered the first wave, he was told something like, ‘We’ll be in trouble if the Trash don’t step up their game.’ It was because of that unpleasant incident that he said he was going to flee to Zeltoble.”
I’m pretty sure that’s what he said.
“That’s because Lord Kitamura had just demonstrated his formidable power by forcibly breaking through the border fortress. There’s testimony that he made that remark under the influence of that incident.”
“So does that mean—because of Ryo’s distrust of the country, he only leveled up a little and didn’t defeat the dragon he was supposed to take down first, or that the dragon he was supposed to defeat after going to Zeltoble hasn’t been vanquished yet?”
Good heavens… that means that dragon is still alive in this world. That pathetic dragon who claims to be the weakest of them all, mind you.
“Does that mean this was a wasted trip?”
Well, Ren only has one body, so there are limits to what he can do. As a result, he may have given up on the dragon in order to escape Melromarc. No… given Ren’s personality, what if he simply didn’t want to contribute to Melromarc, a country he dislikes? That might be the case.
“No… assuming that child is still inside Motoyasu’s spear, if we raise a dragon near me or Motoyasu, the soul of the child who was originally meant to be that dragon might be torn out. It’s dangerous, but I think we should first test whether that child can do it—that way, we can avoid causing any unnecessary tragedy.”
“You’re being strangely considerate, Father. Isn’t it fine to not worry about a Rival’s life or death? I’m sure his parents and Assistants would just accept it as a mysterious death and move on, following the law of the jungle.”
“No… honestly, what’s the point of causing them any more grief? If it’s possible, there’s no harm in giving it a try, right?”
“There’s the time lost from having to go meet that dragon-like creature.” But when I said that, Father looked genuinely exasperated, so I decided to keep quiet.
Chapter 879 - The Spear Hero's Negotiations [2018/05/15 10:00]
“Does this look like it’s going to be a hassle?”
“It seems even more dangerous to force Motoyasu’s plan through. I think we should go check it out.”
“I guess we have no choice.”
Well then, let’s go meet that ‘weakest one’ for the first time in a while. As long as he acts like the weakest one and keeps his head down, I’ll make good use of him.
“Slaying a dragon, huh… It’s not impossible if we properly prepare our equipment and personnel, but it’s a tough opponent.”
“Hahaha, Panda’s a coward, isn’t he? That guy’s just a pushover.”
“I suppose that’s true for the Spear Hero.”
“Hmm… It would likely be easy for Lord Kitamura. Also, regarding the castle gate and church that Lord Kitamura ransacked…”
“Ah… come to think of it, Motoyasu-kun barged in there on his own a while back, didn’t he?”
“I’ve been instructed by the Queen herself to let it slide. But… the public’s impression isn’t very good, so please be very careful. Also, I hear the country’s monster merchant has somehow managed to resume business.”
“Monster merchant?”
“I bought up the entire stock, after all.”
I never had the slightest inkling that Filo-tan was actually Sakura-chan. So I bought as many as I could. I don’t remember much about Ren, but I’ll never forget Filolial-sama, so I’m absolutely certain.
“You said you were going shopping… With everything that’s happened, it feels like ages ago.”
Do you happen to have Luna-chan’s egg? If not, I’m curious if there’s a reason why. It might be a good idea to go look for it next time.
But… Keel and the others aren’t here. Well, there’s also the matter with Kou, after all. Let’s think about it a little more. So, with that in mind, we decided to get ready.
---
After setting a departure time, we decided to set out that very day. The two representatives from Siltvelt are staying behind—apparently, they still have matters to discuss at the castle. Since we never intended to have them participate in the battle anyway, that shouldn’t be a problem. Besides… we can take a decent shortcut using portals along the way. We’ll be able to make it a day trip.
Sakura-chan and the others look like they’re having a great time—they must have played to their hearts’ content in the castle gardens with their Finacées. By the way, I borrowed some wagon wheels from the castle staff to get ready for our departure.
“Have a safe trip. Everyone, please come back again.”
The Finacée is seeing us off with a cheerful expression. And Sakura-chan and the others are responding with smiles of their own.
“Yeah. We’ll be back!”
“Let’s play again!”
“We had such a wonderful time.”
They’ve become quite close in the short time I was away… What was that quick move all about? Come to think of it, we’re heading into the dragon’s territory, aren’t we?
“Father, as you surely know, Filolial-sama and the dragon don’t get along very well at all.”
“Oh, that’s right. If the dragon is still alive, it might be better to have Sakura-chan and the others wait nearby so negotiations go more smoothly…”
“Exactly.”
“Ehh…”
Sakura-chan and the others look disappointed.
“I’m sorry. It’s just that there’s a chance the dragon we’re about to meet might actually be alive. If you guys are here, things might get complicated. So please wait nearby.”
“Grrr…”
Sakura-chan looks very unhappy.
“Well, in exchange for becoming friends with Melty-chan… can you bear with it? We’ve got a lot we need to do and confirm as we move forward.”
“Booh…”
Sakura-chan nodded reluctantly, puffing out her cheeks. That’s right. Since my Father and Sakura-chan got along so well, I was hoping he’d come to understand Filolial-sama just as deeply as the people of Siltvelt do—but if Sakura-chan is the very embodiment of Filolial-sama, that changes things entirely.
Ah… I’d like to introduce my Father to a Filolial-sama other than Sakura-chan, someone he’s particularly close to, but that wouldn’t be fair to Sakura-chan. How on earth am I supposed to resolve this dilemma!?
“Motoyasu-kun is pulling his usual funny faces again…”
My Father, having just persuaded Sakura-chan, muttered as he looked over at me. Hearing those words, I snapped back to reality.
“Well then, let’s get going—Portal Spear!”
We teleported near the village to the east.
---
“I think this every time, but heroes sure are convenient, aren’t they?”
“Yes, I have all sorts of trouble getting around, so this really helps.”
Zou agreed, seizing the opportunity. Well, you’re huge—and heavy, too.
“It looks like you’d have a hard time riding in a carriage, too.”
It might indeed be tough to fit this giant inside one. It might be more realistic to just have Filolial-sama pull a cart.
“Puhant, can’t you ride in vehicles?”
“I can ride on ships and stuff. Airplanes are pretty cramped, though—I had to rent the cargo hold.”
Zou replies to Kou.
“Then I want to carry Puhanto on my back! It’s payback for when you gave me a piggyback ride earlier!”
With a puff, Kou transforms into her Filolial form.
“Huh? But… I’m heavy, you know?”
“It’s fine!”
“You mustn’t underestimate the power of Filolial-sama.”
Starting with Filo-tan, Filolial-sama possess tremendous horsepower. They can easily haul even an overloaded carriage. Carrying an elephant is no big deal at all.
“Give it a try—”
Kou is wiggling her hips as she squats down, trying to get the elephant onto her back.
“O-okay. But please don’t push yourself too hard… And I’d appreciate it if you’d stop calling me by my family name.”
“Alright then, Elu.”
Satisfied with Kou’s reply, Zou nods and gently places his crotch on Kou’s back as she crouches. He seems intent on checking carefully to make sure he can lift her before putting his full weight on her.
“That’s fine.”
“Okay, Elu, I’m standing up now.”
As Kou stands up with a sudden jerk, Zou’s feet leave the ground. Zou, looking a bit uneasy, gently places a hand on Kou’s back. With Kou looking a bit small, the sight of him carrying Zou has a certain majesty to it.
But… what is it? It looks like Zou is sitting on a duck-shaped potty. This is disrespectful to Filolial-sama, to say the least, so Kou needs to get his act together!
“A-are you okay?”
“Hmm… You’re a little heavy, but I’m fine. I can run!”
With a “thump-thump-thump,” Kou, with the elephant on his back, began to run lightly.
“Whoa! Whoa… Kou, you’re amazing!”
Riding on Kou’s back as he ran around, the elephant looked surprised for a moment before speaking in a gentle voice.
“It looks like he’s straddling a potty.”
Panda heckled the scene. What’s that supposed to mean? Does he have a problem with Kou or something?
“I never thought Lars-chan would be the one to say exactly what everyone was thinking… or rather, I guess they have those things in this world too.”
My father muttered, “I actually thought Motoyasu-kun would be the one to say that.” Even my father couldn’t just let that slide.
“Father, I wouldn’t say anything disrespectful about Filolial-sama.”
“Well then, how about a ‘Filolial-style potty’?”
“I suppose there’s nothing to be done about that.”
“Your standards are… oh well. Let’s get moving soon, then.”
“Yeah… but is it really okay to go meet the dragon in this state?”
Éclair said that to us. No problem at all!
By the way, I heard Zou has some experience with motion sickness, so he didn’t seem too affected by it. And so, passing through the eastern village, we set foot in the mountain range where Rival’s parents dwell.
True enough, there’s no sign of desolation here. However, the Eastern Village, lacking financial resources, is rather deserted. By the way, there is a mountain trail for peddlers that runs from the Eastern Village near the Rival parent’s nest, but apparently, it hasn’t been used since the Rival parent built its nest. It’s a path that fell into disuse due to the threat of the dragon.
---
And so we made steady progress. Near the Rival parent’s territory, we decided to have Yuki-chan and the others wait.
“I can smell a dragon from here on out—”
“Then Sakura-chan and the others will wait here, right?”
“Boo…”
“Is it really not okay for us to come along?”
Yuki-chan asked me with pleading eyes.
“It’s dangerous, and it’s only natural that things would get complicated.”
“El was just the right weight—it was fun!”
“Thank you, Kou.”
Zou climbed down from Kou and thanked him. When he got off, there was a deep rumble that shook the ground. That’s Kou for you. To save a lady’s face… he’s truly grown into a fine young man. I, Motoyasu, can’t hide my admiration for Kou’s growth.
“So, we’ll be walking from here on… but how are we going to negotiate? Can we bribe them or something?”
“It’ll be tough. In my previous loops, whenever I met a Rival’s parent, my Father would handle the persuasion, but generally speaking, they won’t even listen to us.”
Plus, since we rushed here, I didn’t bring any Dragon Emperor shards for bargaining. After all, my ultimate goal is the Rival himself…
“If I prove to my Father that I’m completely outmatched and bring the Dragon Emperor’s Core as a bargaining chip, he’ll listen—but that would mean I’d have to start over.”
“Well, I wish you’d told me that sooner…?”
“It’ll be fine! To be honest, I was already thinking that negotiation back then might not even be necessary.”
Father’s negotiating skills are quite impressive, but when it comes to just talking to a dragon of that caliber, there’s absolutely no problem.
“Well, I’m just filled with anxiety…”
“It’ll be fine! Leave it to me!”
“Mr. Iwatani, shouldn’t we seriously stop this?”
“I think so too… He’s definitely going to mess something up.”
“R-really?”
Éclair and Panda nodded as if they were convinced, while Zou looked back and forth between me and Éclair and the others. For some reason, Éclair and Panda look just like Ren and Itsuki when they became allies, but don’t worry. I’m here—I’ve been through plenty of loops.
“HAHAHA! No problem at all! Father can just take his time climbing up! Leave it to me!”
I ran toward the dragon’s territory. Now was the perfect time to show off my signature move.
“Ah, Motoyasu-kun, wait!”
“Motoyasu! It’s Drive Mode!”
Using the wheels I borrowed from the castle, I switched to Drive Mode. It’s been a while since I transformed. Father told me last time that I should use it in an emergency, so I used it now. *Shakin’!*
“Vroom, vroom!”
“Whoa! What’s that!? You’re not just joking—you’re literally running!? That’s creepy!”
“Wow! That’s sooo cool!”
Sakura-chan is looking at me and getting all excited. It’s not quite as wild as when Filo gets excited, but I’m still happy about it.
“This is… w-wonderful…”
“Yuki-chan, you don’t have to push yourself, you know?”
“I-I’m not pushing myself at all! This must be a very efficient way to get around!”
“Whoa! I want to try that too, Kou. Brrrn-brrrn. But how do you make the wheels spin?　Is pulling a carriage more fun? I’m not really sure—”
It seems Kou is a bit overwhelmed by all the excitement. When you’re a kid, it’s easy to get confused when so many fun things happen at once.
“I wonder if Lord Kitamura is actually human?”
“A hero is probably something different from us, isn’t it?”
“If that’s the logic, then I’d be included too, so I’d have to say that’s not right.”
It seems my fathers-in-law are getting a bit worn out. Well then, I’ll go settle this quickly.
“Wheelie! Here I goooooo!”
“Hey! Motoyasu-kun, wait—”
In the blink of an eye, Father’s voice faded into the distance. I want to get out of this dragon’s territory as fast as possible, after all. Climbing slowly is a hassle. …I thought about it right after we set off, but maybe it would’ve been faster to carry Father on my back? I’ll ask him later.
---
So, I arrived at the spot where Rival’s parent’s corpse should be lying, and I scanned the area. Of course, I knocked out all the monsters I encountered along the way! Small fry, stay out of my way.
“You, the weakest dragon in this place! Come out here right now!　Or are you so scared of me that you’re about to wet yourself?! Pgyaaaaaa!”
Seizing the moment, I bellowed at the top of my lungs to summon Rival’s parent. Even if he’s the weakest Dragon Emperor, he’s bound to show up if I go this far.
“The fact that you’re not coming out means you’re terrified of me, don’t you know! You’re such a pathetic dragon!”
“Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
With a fierce roar, Rival’s parent charged toward me with a look of rage on his face. Hahaha, to fall for such a cheap provocation—you’re just a dragon after all! HAHAHA!
“Gya!?”
For some reason, Rival’s parent stopped mid-scream when he saw me racing around in Drive Mode. What’s the matter? You’re wide open.
Time for a mode change! I switched back to my normal form and assumed a combat stance.
“Well then, let’s settle this! I’m going to knock you out, and when I do, you’d better do exactly as Father says!”
“Gyaa, Gyaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
Looking as if he had absolutely no intention of listening, Rival’s dad let out a mighty roar and lunged at me. The result… well, it goes without saying. It was a landslide victory for me. The negotiation was a success.
Chapter 880 - Sister Thief [2018/05/22 10:00]
"Haa... haa... I followed Motoyasu-kun's tire tracks all the way here, but..."
“Isn’t Lord Kitamura’s eccentric behavior getting more and more refined?”
“I can’t deny it. Maybe after looping through this so many times, he’s ‘grown’—in a bad way…”
My fathers-in-law caught up with us, panting heavily. I greeted them as if I were showing off a trophy.
“Well, well, Fathers, you made it after all.”
“W-Wait, Motoyasu!?”
“GYAOOOOOOOOO!”
“Aren’t you going to give up yet? You’re in front of your Father! Be quiet!”
I say this while stomping down hard on the heads and noses of Rival’s parents to pin them down. I’ve already beaten them up just enough to leave them for dead—but not quite. And they can’t even lift the noses I’m stomping on. They’re struggling as hard as they can, but it’s only a matter of time. To begin with, whether he bites me or tries anything else, it doesn’t hurt a bit. I’m driving home—the hard way—the lesson my Father taught me: he’s no match for me.
“Whoa… Motoyasu, come on—you came here to negotiate, but this is going too far! Negotiations are out of the question now! You’ve really made him furious!”
“Don’t worry! I’ve already told him that once he admits defeat to me, he has to obey without question.”
“No, I think he’d rather die than admit defeat… He’s probably thinking, ‘Who knows what you’ll do to me?’ Or rather, aren’t you doing this on purpose?”
“Gya, Gyaaaaaa! Ooooooooh!”
Hmm… So that’s why Rival’s parents are putting up such a fierce fight. Well, I have no choice—I’ll just have to instill even more fear to make them submit.
“Here’s what we’ll do. If you die right here, I’ll turn this place into Filolial-sama’s sacred site. So if you die, things will get even worse… It’s time for Paradise!”
“Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
You really are noisy. You’d be making a huge mistake if you thought you could get your way just by roaring! Since it’s been decided that this place will become Filolial Paradise, you’d better give up.
“I’ll immobilize you and ransack your lair!”
“Motoyasu… you’re terrible at negotiating, so just stay put!”
Because of my Rival’s parents, my Father ended up yelling at me.
“Actually, aren’t you the one leading me to fail at this negotiation?”
“Not at all.”
“……”
My Father looked like he wanted to say something to me, but he turned his gaze toward Rival’s parent instead.
“Um… I’m sorry. He’s been giving me a real headache, but that said, I came here today with a purpose of my own. Would you please hear us out? If you don’t, your daughter might end up dying.”
“Gyah…”
After my father gave me a warning for holding down my rival’s parent, he quietly approached the rival’s parent and spoke to them. Perhaps having accepted what he said, the rival’s parent stopped resisting. That’s what happens when you don’t act quickly enough—you end up getting hurt.
“...To be honest, I don’t really want to talk. But since you seem capable of giving orders to this rude fellow, and you’ve said something that piques my interest, I suppose I’ll listen.”
This dragon! He’s practically on the verge of tears. What kind of logic is this—you can’t listen to me, but you can talk to my Father!? Is this thanks to Father’s charisma, or is it just this dragon’s selfishness!? Lately, all these dragon-related problems have been stressing me out so much my stomach feels like it’s about to burn a hole through itself!
“Father, this guy’s on the verge of tears!”
“Motoyasu!”
My father glared at me. I’m not in the wrong here!
“Um, actually…”
My father explained the whole situation to Rival’s father.
He explained that Takt’s dragon possessed countless Dragon Emperor Core Stones, and although they had defeated that dragon, the Core Stones had been stolen by someone. He also explained that one of those Core Stones even contained the seal of the Dragon King, and if misused, it could lead to a catastrophic situation. He explained that my spear contained the memories of a Rival who could piggyback on the loop, and that if those memories were used on another dragon’s egg or something similar, the Rival’s own soul might escape, potentially leading to their death. He also explained that the cooperation of our allied dragons was essential for governing Shieldfreeden.
“So, even if it’s just an experiment, I’d like to check with your daughter. If she says no, I’ll leave without doing anything, but I can’t guarantee anything should something happen.”
“…What a preposterous story you’re telling me.”
The dragon replied in a haughty tone. “Know your place,” he seemed to say.
“So, if the personality shift doesn’t occur during the loop… perhaps you, who can actually communicate, could help convince Shieldfreeden?”
“…With me being forcibly restrained like this, the only thing I can do right now is take my own life. Even if I refuse, it doesn’t seem like there’d be a problem as long as you’re here…”
The dragon began to growl, looking extremely troubled.
“It’s not that I don’t find the idea appealing. But… aside from the problem of the Dragon Kings, who pose a threat, I’d rather not have to run the country while constantly watching the faces of such fools. And to be told to do exactly what the one who provoked me this much wants…”
“Do you have a complaint? If I wanted to, I could send you to the afterlife with a single thrust.”
“Motoyasu, be quiet.”
My Father scolded me. That’s so mean! And I worked hard for his sake, too. In fact, the negotiations are going much more smoothly than they did last time!
“…Above all, for the sake of my daughters… This is just the coercion of an opponent I can’t possibly defeat. If I die here, everything will simply be taken away. And if the world is destroyed, it’ll all be for nothing… If things go smoothly, you’ll leave without doing anything, won’t you?”
“Yes. I promise that, no matter what happens.”
“If you lie—no matter the means—I will curse you all. Is that acceptable? This is a contract.”
Rival’s father began chanting some kind of Magic. The Magic spread out, centering on Father.
“If you try anything, I won’t let you get away with it!”
“You don’t have to listen to what that guy says!” But Father shifted his gaze as if checking some stats, then pressed a button.
“The contract is now in effect. It’s for a short period, but… if you break it, you’ll face the appropriate consequences.”
“Yes… I agreed to this fully aware of the terms.”
“I’ve never seen you use Magic like this before!”
“I don’t know. I suppose the other version of me that you know—the one you trust—figured there was no need to use it.”
“That just means you’re not trusted this time, Motoyasu-kun.”
Guh… Is this my fault!? My Father told me to stop holding down Rival’s father, so I moved my foot out of the way. Rival’s father stood up and began walking, looking a bit unsteady on his feet.
“Zweite Heal X!”
My father cast Magic he’d recently learned on the Rival’s parent. The Rival’s parent’s wounds are closing right before our eyes. He just didn’t feel like holding back.
“…Well then, let’s go. Follow me.”
“Well, it’s a rather barbaric method, but it seems to have worked.”
“It seems it could have been handled much more gently, though?”
“What a terrifying situation.”
Éclair, Panda, and Elephant each muttered remarks like these as they followed along. We headed toward the Rival’s parent’s lair… the lair where the Assistant was waiting.
---
“Dad, welcome home!”
“Gau-gau!”
When Rival’s parent returned to the lair, the Assistant, Rival, and countless monsters came out to greet him. And the moment they saw us, they furrowed their brows.
“You lot are guests, after all. Don’t do anything to suggest you’re going to attack.”
The Rival’s father, his brows still deeply furrowed, addressed those around him. The Assistant is looking at us as if to say, “Who knows what might happen?” Unfortunately, we have no business with you this time.
“So… which one of them have you chosen?”
“Motoyasu-kun.”
My Father asks me. He seems to already know who it is based on what we’ve discussed so far, but he’s just confirming to be on the safe side. Without hesitation, I fix my gaze on the Rival’s childlike form standing next to the Assistant.
“So it’s him, after all…”
Perhaps sensing something was amiss, the assistant clung to my Rival. He’s quite perceptive, isn’t he?
“Are you planning to do something to this child!?”
“Wyndia, just calm down.”
My Rival’s parent scolds him.
“But!”
“You lot, hurry up. If things don’t go exactly as you’ve described, leave immediately.”
“Motoyasu-kun, I’m counting on you. This is how our contract ends, after all.”
It seems I have to do this because of some strange agreement between my Father and Rival’s parent. I quietly approach the Assistant and Rival.
“Gauuuuuuuu…”
The young Rival is baring his teeth and growling menacingly, as if ready to pounce at any moment. The Assistant seems desperate to protect him somehow. I slowly brought the core of the spear close to what looked like the Rival’s ear.
…… …………. ………………
“Gauuuuuuuuuu……!?”
As if suddenly snapping back to reality, the young Rival looked around. Then he turned his gaze to the Assistant clinging to him. And he let out a deep sigh.
“How are you feeling? Did you get stuck in a loop?”
“Gau gau… Gaaau”
“Huh!?”
Just then, Rival’s parent furrowed their brow, and a sound like Magic backfiring echoed through the air. It seems the so-called contract has been broken.
“Gau, gau-gau.”
“Eh!?”
The Assistant let out a cry of disbelief and backed away from the Rival.
“What are you talking about? You’re just a baby, aren’t you? What do you mean, suddenly leaving the nest…?”
“Gau-gau.”
“Why are you trying to go over to them…?”
The Assistant, looking bewildered, let out a cry that sounded like a monster’s language and tried desperately to persuade him. However, the Rival seemed determined not to back down even a step and started walking away.
“Gau-gau”
“…All right. Do as you please.”
“Gau! Gau-gau”
“Well… I suppose that’s fine.”
Having apparently finished speaking with Rival’s parent, Rival… approached its Father’s feet and rubbed its cheek against his thigh. Then it waved to the Assistant.
“No! Stop! You can’t go!”
“Wyndia!”
The rival’s parent deftly pinched the Assistant with its claws to hold it in place.
“Gau!”
The rival raised its paw as if to signal departure and pointed down the path. …It looks like a total free-for-all, but is this really okay? Eventually, the Father said with a troubled expression:
“Um… well, let’s go, then.”
“Understood.”
“Gau!”
We turned our backs on the Rival’s parents’ lair and started walking away. Mission accomplished. Personally, I wouldn’t have minded if it had failed, though.
“Nooo! Give me back my little sister!”
My assistant seized the moment to raise his voice and protest. Just like his parents, he’s a noisy one.
“Wyndia, you must be patient. If it’s a sister or brother, I can provide as many replacements as you like. As for that one… just accept that she’s left the nest.”
“Nooooooo! Dad, let her goooooo! ”
The assistant is shouting at the top of his lungs, calling out to the Rival. Unlike the assistant, the Rival has a carefree expression on his face.
“Gau gau. Gau-gau!”
That’s definitely the sound of “Bye-bye, I’m off!” There’s no mistake about it.
“I feel like I’m being pulled back somehow…”
“Something similar happened in the loops so far, you know.”
Back then, the Assistant was entrusted to us along with the Rival’s egg. For some reason, it seems like it’s just the Rival this time.
“Are we really doing the right thing?”
“It leaves a really bad aftertaste, doesn’t it?”
“Isn’t there anything we can do?”
As Éclair and the others uttered those words, the Rival turned around and barked.
“Gau!”
As if to say everything was fine, he closed one eye and winked. That’s really annoying.
“Give her backkkkkkkkk! You little sister thiefkkkkkkkkkk!”
“W-wow, what a line…”
And so our plan moved forward, and the Assistant’s screams echoed through the deep mountains of Melromarc.
---
Well then, after descending the mountain where the Rival’s parents live, we reunited with Yuki-chan and the others who had been waiting for us.
“Gau!”
Rival let out a growl as if to say hello, but Yuki-chan and the others all wore grim expressions. Since our opponent is a dragon, that’s only natural.
“I know you guys don’t get along, but I didn’t expect such obvious reactions…”
“Naofumi, is that the kid you were after?”
“Yep.”
“Gau gau!”
“How should I put it… it kind of looks like I brainwashed him with Motoyasu-kun’s spear and brought him here…”
My Father muttered. Oh, come on! There’s absolutely no need for him to feel guilty.
“Gau! Gau gau”
“Huh? Translate that? No way.”
Yuki-chan is refusing Rival’s request. But Rival just keeps growling as if she couldn’t care less.
“Grrr… Listen. I want to talk, but it’s hard to do that unless I get a Dragon Emperor Shard or level up. They’re threatening me, saying Naofumi and the others will be in trouble if I don’t tell them that.”
Sakura-chan said this with a reluctant look on her face. All for her Father’s sake… Sakura-chan is so selfless.
“Ah, so that’s how it is? But… are Dragon Emperor Shards really that easy to get?”
“It’s not that hard. If I pop over there, I can gather a few by tonight.”
“Please don’t go hunting this kid’s parents right now.”
“Growl, growl.”
Rival… is growling while pointing in a certain direction. Does that mean he’s over there?
Chapter 881 - Backup [2018/05/29 10:00]
“Deep in the mountains of this country… there are some a little further south, too, so that should work out just fine.”
“So the problem is that these dragons live near human settlements, is it?”
“They’re weak, so they were driven out of the deep mountains and now live in places like that.”
“Take that verbal attack from me!” I said, with a mocking tone. Well, go ahead and be jealous.
“Growl, growl.”
Wh—? Rival nodded without a second thought. Does that mean he’s not jealous? What a heartless guy. I can’t believe it.
“He doesn’t even flinch when his parents are insulted, does he?”
“How should I put it… his reaction seems more mature than the Spear Hero’s, doesn’t it?”
“Hmm… Personally, I don’t really feel like slaying dragons right now. I know this sounds rude, but I was just talking to a talking dragon a moment ago, so slaying dragons just to raise another one… well.”
“So what are you going to do, then?”
“Do they sell that kind of stuff in Melromarc? Materials like that?”
“I think they do, but I’ve heard there are a lot of fakes.”
Éclair explains. That’s certainly a story I’ve heard before.
“Gau, Gaaah!”
While we were talking about that, Rival lightly bit his own hand, letting blood drip, and began drawing some sort of pattern on his forehead and chest. What on earth is he doing?
“I wonder what he’s up to?”
“Could this be… a monster emblem? It looks familiar. Though it’s kind of strange for a monster to draw it itself, isn’t it?”
“Gau!”
Then the Rival pointed at Father and barked.
“Boo… I don’t want to!”
Sakura-chan seized the moment to protest. I wonder what she’s trying to say?
“Hmm… Considering this reaction and what Motoyasu-kun did with the Filolial egg, I guess she’s designating me as her owner?”
“Gau!”
The Rival nodded vigorously, even though he can’t actually speak. You bastard… Using body language to communicate even though you can’t speak? That’s just too underhanded.
“Naofumi, are you going to be the dragon’s owner?”
“I guess so. It seems like that’s what she wants.”
“Boo…”
Sakura-chan is puffing out her cheeks. Come to think of it, in this world, I’m the one registered as Sakura-chan’s master, aren’t I!? Which also means I’m Filo-tan’s master, too. Ugh… My head is suddenly getting really hot. Bah!
“W-wait, Motoyasu-kun just suddenly started spurting a waterfall of blood from his nose!?”
“Gau!?”
Rival backed away.
“Did Lord Kitamura try to use his own blood to steal the master-servant contract with a sneak attack?”
“Given how Motoyasu-kun is right now, he might just do that… he’s always trying to get in the way.”
“N-no, that’s not it. Come to think of it, Sakura-chan… she realized that I’m actually Filo-tan’s master!”
The master of Filo-tan, a dream come true! I am now! Her master!
“Boo… Sakura, I want Naofumi to be my master too.”
“I suppose multiple contracts are possible, aren’t they?”
“Gau! Gau gau!”
Rival is seizing this opportunity to jump on my Father and assert himself. This reaction… I’ve analyzed and understood Rival’s behavior patterns from past loops.
“He’s aiming for my Father’s first time! I won’t let that happen!”
“What a lewd way to put it… Lord Kitamura, shouldn’t you stop your nosebleed first?”
“Hahaha! For me, as Filo-tan’s master, something like that is a piece of cake!”
“No, your nose is bleeding pretty dangerously, isn’t it?”
Oof… My love for Filo-chan is making me dizzy. But it can’t be helped. It’s the result of my feelings swelling up so much that they’ve manifested as blood. In other words, this blood is my love.
“For now, cast a healing spell on Motoyasu-kun…”
My Father cast “Zweite Heal” on me, but the nosebleed started right away. Ah, my unstoppable love is overflowing.
“It’s starting again the moment you’re healed!? Motoyasu-kun! Pull yourself together!”
“Motoyasu-sama! Please pull yourself together!　You mustn’t leave Yuki and the others behind!”
“Hmm?”
I think I snapped back to my senses at the sound of Yuki-chan and Sakura-chan’s voices. …My head feels kind of clear all of a sudden.
“I feel like my excitement is starting to subside.”
“Isn’t it just that you’ve lost blood, so your blood pressure’s physically dropped?”
“As for the Spear Hero… well, just from today alone, I’ve come to understand that he’s… a rather unique individual.”
Zou is muttering to himself, seemingly convinced he’s figured me out. Meanwhile, Kou is trying to climb onto Zou’s back from behind. As expected, Kou is a bit clueless when it comes to reading the room. But that’s part of what makes him so cute!
“Well, Motoyasu-kun seems fine for now, so let’s go ahead and register this kid just as she wants. As for Sakura-chan, we’ll talk it over with Motoyasu-kun later and decide then.”
“Boo…”
Sakura-chan is quietly protesting, clearly dissatisfied, but Father is prioritizing her Rival.
“You’ve got to stand up for yourself more, Sakura-chan!”
“Boo…!”
In response to my suggestion, Sakura-chan raised her voice even louder than before. That’s the spirit!
“Listen, Sakura-chan and Motoyasu-kun, don’t make such a big fuss over something this small. We talked about this on the way here, so you should already know, right?　It was already decided that I’d be the one taking care of her.”
“I knew that, but… it just feels… weird…”
“Exactly!”
“Ugh… Fine, I’ll just put up with the registration order for now. Motoyasu, let’s talk later about whether to add me as a primary registrant for Sakura-chan.”
Huh? I’ll think about Father’s suggestion. The Demon Motoyasu whispered in my ear.
“Motoyasu, you’re now Filo-tan’s master. Is it really okay to do that to the masters?”
Wh—what do you mean by that? Just then, Angel Motoyasu appeared and whispered in my other ear.
“Motoyasu, you’re The Love Hunter. Is it really okay to lock Filo-chan away because of your possessiveness?”
“Don’t interfere, Angel! Feelings you won’t share with anyone are love too!”
“You’re the one who needs to repent! Love is the miracle of equality! Locking a love angel in a birdcage is an unforgivable sin!”
“Even a passion that burns like a raging fire is—love! You angel! You don’t understand love at all!”
Demon Motoyasu unleashes a Brionac at Angel Motoyasu.
“Guh!?”
“Just vanish right now!”
Angel Motoyasu has been defeated by Demon Motoyasu. It’s settled! I’ll have exclusive rights to this long-awaited situation—being Filo-chan’s master!
“Not… yet.”
What!? Angel Motoyasu gets back to his feet, battered and bruised, and replies.
“Is your love only for Filo-chan? Then what about your Father? That would even call into question the very meaning of protecting her. The Filo-chan you love can only be complete with your Father by her side!”
“Guaaaaaaaaaaa!?”
Angel Motoyasu is about to pierce Demon Motoyasu with the F=Evangel Spear.
“This is love… I’ll even acknowledge possessiveness as a form of love. But… you mustn’t neglect the very thing that truly shapes Filo-chan. That’s exactly why Sakura-chan won’t come out of her shell and is hiding Filo-chan’s true identity.”
What?! Ugh… Sakura-chan! So that’s why you won’t become Filo-tan. I, Motoyasu, deeply repent!
“F… Fine. But mark my words. A second and third Demon Motoyasu will appear, and the day will come when they defeat you! Hahahahaha!”
With those words, Demon Motoyasu vanished.
“No matter what happens, love will triumph in the end!”
Angel Motoyasu summed it up beautifully. It often seems like the demons come out on top, but this time the angel won. This, too, is the work of my love. While I was having this internal dialogue, my Father ended up entering into a master-servant contract with my Rival.
“Boo!”
Sakura-chan has been voicing her dissatisfaction the whole time.
“Sakura-chan, when we get home, I’ll register Father as your master, too.”
“Yay, okay!”
“Gau!”
Seizing the moment, Rival let out a triumphant roar at us, but I’ll hold my tongue for now. After all, it’s a fact that he still has quite a few disadvantages in his current state. And so, we hurried back to Melromarc.
Our Finacée welcomed us back to the castle. Then, to ensure the talks went smoothly, we had the Dragon Emperor’s Core Stones brought in. Since the ones from Siltvelt had been stolen, they were provided from Melromarc’s treasury.
It seems a few of them were duds, but we did find a few that worked. My rival is plucking those Dragon Emperor’s Core Stones and eating them. Oh, and of course, in the meantime, I shared the primary ownership of Sakura-chan with my Father.
Then, while I was talking with my rival, Yuki-chan and the others protested, saying the conversation wouldn’t go anywhere, so they were entrusted to my Finacée and made to wait in a separate room.
“Gau-gau… test, test… yeah, I can talk now. Hmm… Gaelion really is inconvenient right after a loop, isn’t it?”
My Rival seized the moment, mumbled a bit, and then started speaking. His usual fawning behavior really gets on my nerves.
“Um… so you’re the dragon who parasitized your memories onto Motoyasu-kun’s spear to piggyback on the loop, right?”
“That’s right! I’m Gaelion! Oh, but Wild Ofumi used to call me Meslion!”
Come to think of it, my Father in the first world did call me that. Apparently, having the same name is a hassle.
“Why?”
“Because I’m a female Gaelion! In Wild Ofumi’s world, there are two Gaelions. The other one is a male.”
“Huh… So what should I call you, then?”
“Both names are important, so you can call her either one! You could even use a name unique to Naofumi in this loop!”
“Don’t think you can just try to curry favor with her right now—it won’t work!”
I point my spear at my Rival to intimidate him.
“We’re still just at the self-introduction stage. I’m not doing anything as tacky as trying to curry favor.”
Rival is putting on a show of innocence, seizing the moment. I know what’s going on, though. There’s no doubt this guy has his sights set on Father. It’s better to be on guard.
“Now, now, Motoyasu, calm down. Or rather, you haven’t been calm at all since this whole thing started, so to put it bluntly… calm down.”
My Father lowers his voice slightly to admonish me. Oh no! Has my behavior worn him out!? But I have a feeling I can’t back down now.
“Lord Kitamura, I understand you’re unhappy, but this is necessary, isn’t it? It’s something we can’t avoid. If there were a problem, Lord Iwatani wouldn’t be complaining either.”
“Honestly, I wish the Spear Hero would cut the nonsense… I get that you want to be cautious about all sorts of things, but surely the Shield Hero understands that much.”
“Yes. You’d like our cooperation moving forward, right?”
Éclair and the others are all speaking as if I’m the one in the wrong. Ugh… I guess I have no choice. I’ve got no choice but to wait for his true colors to show. Sakura-chan, please bear with me for a little while longer.
He’s bound to say something weird and gross out my Father anyway. When that happens, I’ll laugh my head off! HAHAHA!
“For now, I’ll call you Gaelion-chan.”
“Got it. No matter what you call me, Gaelion will answer.”
I’m tempted to point something out, but since it’s my Father’s order, I’ll keep quiet. Stay calm, stay cool, and stay composed. It’s like meditating to clear my mind of impure thoughts.
“So, Gaelion, do you know anything about our situation?　Is it okay if I ask you a few other things, too?”
“Even if you call it ‘our situation,’ Gaelion… ever since I went to Ofumi’s wild world, I haven’t been backing up my memories as much, so there’s a lot I don’t really know. It’s more like I forgot to turn off the auto-activation feature I’d set for the legendary spear.”
A backup, you say? I don’t really understand what this guy is talking about.
“...So, she’s not the ‘original’ Gaelion, and it feels like she hasn’t been updated much?”
“Hmm... that part’s a bit complicated to explain. In the world of ‘Wild Ofumi,’ Gaelion is dead and doesn’t exist, so you could say there’s no such thing as an ‘original,’ but since I’m talking like this, you could also say I do exist. Plus, I never expected the Spear Hero to loop again.”
“Well… I guess so.”
I don’t know anything about that either. Why is he looping…? Well, shouldn’t we just save the world like last time? There’s no point in worrying about things we don’t understand. The Eternal Filo-chan Project is 100 times more important than that, after all.
“The only thing Gaelion remembers is from around the time he’d been a Raph for a while.”
“Um, what’s a Raph?”
“Oh, he isn’t here in this loop? Actually, what’s the backstory? Naofumi, could you start from the beginning?”
“Huh? Okay, I’ll explain it step by step. First, I was summoned to this world as the Shield Hero, and on that very same day—”
And so, my father explained the series of events that took him from Melromarc to Siltvelt, and everything that happened after that.
Chapter 882 - Convert Folder [2018/06/05 10:00]
“So… according to Motoyasu, it seems that after Itsuki—which was the condition for the loop—died, Motoyasu returned to this loop, and it’s been continuing ever since.”
My father also explained that, in order to eliminate the remnants of Takt using Shieldfreeden, he would have to command a dragon. So, I’ve explained the entire current situation.
“I see… I’ve got a general grasp of the situation.”
“According to Motoyasu, this is apparently the second time the loop has restarted.”
“So the first time, he didn’t even get close to the dragon?”
“Of course not.”
“That Spear Hero is still such an idiot…”
“What did you say?!”
That dragon is as combative as ever. I could send you to the afterlife with a single thrust!
“I can’t deny that…”
“Yeah, I guess so.”
“No doubt about it… Of course, I do believe Lord Kitamura himself is taking this seriously…”
Panda and Éclair both agree. Whose side are you guys on, anyway!?
“I get it now. If it’s a request from Naofumi, I’ll be happy to help.”
“That’d be a big help.”
“But… Gaelion, I’d rather not have Naofumi look after me until I’ve leveled up and fully matured.”
“Huh? Why?”
“Because if I do, Naofumi will see Gaelion as a child.”
“Hahahahaha!　You’ve finally shown your true colors! This one is a total predator through and through. Father! You’d better watch out!”
She’s started making blatant sexual advances toward my Father. That’s backfiring! Then Rival looks at me with pitying eyes before turning her gaze back to my Father.
“Even though this is the first body he’s gotten used to, Gaelion has still lived through countless loops and a long, wild time in Ofumi’s world. Being treated like a child hurts a dragon’s pride.”
Hmm… It’s all in how you say it! To begin with, you just said you hadn’t updated your memories much! That’s a contradiction!
When was your last memory update, anyway!? You said you became a Raph… Do you actually have a memory of that? I can vaguely make out a silhouette that looks like it, but I must be mistaken.
“You were in that chocolate form for a long time, weren’t you!”
“Ah, that brings back memories. That body was so comfortable.”
“Um, I kind of get that Gaelion-chan is older.”
“That’s right.”
That’s definitely a lie! Don’t let her fool you!
“Well, I guess so. Since you’re stuck in a loop and still have your memories, it’s only natural that your appearance and mental age wouldn’t match.”
“I think there are exceptions, though…”
Éclair is bringing up some kind of exception to Father’s opinion.
“…You’d better just let it go. It must be tough to repeat the same time over and over again unless you have a mind that strong.”
“R-right…”
My father and Éclair seem to be on the same page. Ugh… For some reason, Rival’s standing is rising. I’ve looped through time far more times than he has, so I’ve lived much longer. That means I should be mentally stronger!
“Dragons are practically immortal! You’ll always be a kid, Father!”
“Yeah, that’s true… But still, Gaelion-chan. Technically, I’m the one who’ll be raising you, right? Motoyasu-kun and Sakura-chan would probably hate it, and since I want you to become just as strong as Lars-chan and the others in preparation for the coming battle, I’d like to raise you myself.”
HAHAHA. My plan’s already fallen apart. That’s why dragons are useless!
“…I guess I have no choice. But please don’t treat me like a kid.”
“Got it. So should I call you Gaelion-san? It feels a little off, though.”
“‘-chan’ is better! I hate being treated like an old person.”
“You don’t want to be treated like a kid, but you don’t want to be treated like an old person either… That’s a tough one.”
“That’s just how dragons are!”
I must say, you have a wildly complicated mental makeup. Compared to that, Filolial-sama and the others possess eternal purity! As expected, Filolial-sama is a far more wonderful being than a dragon.
“So, Gaelion-chan, do you remember how to break through the limit?”
“Of course I do. I’ve saved it as a memory, so as long as I have the minimum amount of Core Stones and a Hero’s weapon, I can do it.”
“That’s a huge help. Well then, I’m counting on you from now on, Gaelion-chan.”
Although she’s not happy about it, our Rival has officially joined the party. From now on, you’d better work like a workhorse and contribute to my Father.
“Of course I will. I’ll do my best to get Shieldfreeden to accept Naofumi and the others! Since I gathered Core Stones from the Dragon Emperor—who was even called the Demon King in another world—to grow stronger, I know all sorts of other things and Magic, too. I’m a powered-up Gaelion who can even govern!”
That’s the sort of thing my Rival is going on about. She really is a noisy one.
“You seem reliable. By the way, things have pretty much come together now… but, um, I kind of dragged you out here against your will—what about your Older Sister…?”
“Oh, she’s fine. I’ll go back home when I have time. It’s only natural to support my family. Gaelion, I’m a ‘dispatched dragon.’”
“Dispatched…? You seem to know quite a lot about all sorts of things…”
My father looks utterly dumbfounded at Rival’s self-sabotage. Heh heh heh… Judging by that look, winning my Father’s heart is nothing but a pipe dream. Go ahead and dig your own grave even more pathetically.
“That’s right, Rival.”
“What is it? Spear Hero, what’s up?”
“I’m going to analyze your looping function, kick it out, and turn it into Filo-chan’s convert folder, so give me a hand, okay?”
“…What are you talking about?”
The Rival looked completely bewildered. What are you spacing out for? Hurry up and convert Filo-chan! Do it!
“Motoyasu-kun, you’re still terrible at explaining things…”
“Yeah, you are.”
“That’s right.”
“Yeah.”
So all three of you Knights—don’t go agreeing in unison like Ren and Itsuki! Anyway, hurry up and make Filo-tan’s memories eternal!
“Um, in this world, the Filolial Motoyasu-kun was after ended up being Sakura-chan, right? But since Motoyasu-kun can’t quite give up, he wants to—like he did with Gaelion-chan—help Sakura-chan recall the memories of a girl named Filo? That’s what he wants to do.”
“So, kick Gaelion out and be with Filo? I don’t think Filo would be able to handle that.”
"After all, Filo is a divine, transparent being, just like glass. But I won't give up. Rival, it's about time you got out of the spear and gave that space to Filo."
“Spear Hero… The reason Gaelion can ride the loop is because he possesses immortality—a physiology that allows his consciousness and memories to be contained within the Core Stone. Filolials don’t have that kind of physiology.”
With a deadpan expression, Rival is giving me a pitying look. What’s that supposed to mean? Don’t be ridiculous!
“There is a Filolial Queen with eternal life, but she’s from a different lineage, so it’s impossible. Give it up.”
Ugh… So does that mean the ‘Filo-chan Eternal’ plan has failed? Then, why on earth did I resurrect my Rival? No, it’s too early to give up!
“I won’t give up! I’m going to use your space to carry out the Eternal Filo-tan Project! That’s why I’m going to erase your memories from inside the spear and create a Filo-tan folder!”
After all, I managed to create a dragon-like creature. With Filolial-sama’s sacred and indomitable power, I’m sure we can make it happen. Filo-chan, foreverrrrr!
“This kind of feels like you’re declaring you’re going to kill me right in front of me…”
“Don’t worry about it. The Spear Hero is just the same as always. Anyway, what can’t be done can’t be done. Since it’s impossible the Gaelion way, you’d better look for another method.”
“You’re not saying it can’t be done, are you?”
“It’s just sympathy. Since Filo used to be the Hero of the Claws, why not have her wield a weapon from the Ryukoku series—one that’s apparently malfunctioning somewhere—in some loop or another?”
My rival is looking at me with pity for some reason! It’s pointless to try to score points with my Father by giving me that look! This is my ambition, after all!
“I think we should figure out why the loop is restarting in the first place.”
“That’s true, but… do you know, Gaelion-chan?”
“I need to get a little stronger before I can interfere with the spear. Right now, Gaelion has only inherited the memories.”
“I see. Well, then, we’ll have to work hard from here on out to get things done.”
“It’s getting noisy again, isn’t it?”
“It’s getting livelier and livelier, isn’t it?”
“Nice to meet you.”
Each of them addressed their Rival. That Rival then said to the panda:
“Speaking of which, you’re the Dressed-Up Panda, aren’t you? How did you end up with Naofumi in this world?”
“Huh!? Who said I’m ‘Dressed-Up’!?”
The panda’s veins bulged as he yelled at his Rival.
“In Wild Naofumi’s world, Gaelion doesn’t remember anyone other than the ‘Dressed-Up Panda’ who was called Sasa-chan.”
Hearing that name, the panda’s fur bristled just like before.
“So what’s that name supposed to mean!?”
“Pfft… Sasa, huh? I guess you could call her that.”
“Elmero! Youuuuuu!”
The panda looked at his Rival, then pointed at the elephant. The one who’d called him “Sasa-chan” was his Older Sister.
“I don’t know. Oh, but the female knight next to her was often seen with the Sword Hero.”
“Me? Well, given the phenomenon of loops, there might be some connection there. So you, like Lord Kitamura, are someone who’s been repeating this cycle, aren’t you?”
“That’s right. There might be some things about me that you find a bit creepy, but I look forward to getting to know you.”
“I wouldn’t dislike you for something like that. I look forward to getting to know you as well.”
“Well then, let’s keep the introductions brief and start figuring out what to do next.”
And that’s how time passed.
---
For now, my father and the others returned to Siltvelt and decided to level up. Meanwhile, I’ll be traveling around the various regions to slay dragons. This was not only to boost my Rival’s abilities but also to increase my own Limit Break power. The goal was to create an elite force capable of taking down the hidden Takt faction more swiftly.
“Well… now that we’ve decided on a plan, would it be okay if we did a little sparring to coordinate our future teamwork?”
Éclair asked Panda and Zou.
“After all, we’ll have to level up with Lord Iwatani without the assistance of Lord Kitamura or the Filolials. I believe we need to share what we can do to make that happen.”
“That makes sense, but revealing our strategies is a bit scary, isn’t it? Even though we’re a friendly faction with a proven track record, you’re still a knight of Melromarc, right?”
“Hm?”
Éclair raised an eyebrow at Panda’s discriminatory remark. But knowing Éclair, I don’t think she meant anything by it—she was simply asking for information sharing.
“Lars-chan, Eclair isn’t that kind of person. She’s incredibly serious.”
“Yeah, yeah. So she’s a stiff-necked knight and a military type, is she? Either way, when it comes to humans—except for a select few—they’re generally mediocre, so I’d like to see what you’ve got.”
“Ah, well then, let’s have a sparring match. I’ve been looking forward to this.”
“What kind of warrior race are you guys, anyway?” That’s exactly what my Father from the first world would have said. Not just Éclair, but there were plenty of guys like this among the old woman’s disciples.
“Don’t try to hide your snarling face, okay?”
Éclair drew her sword, and Panda bared her claws and took a fighting stance.
“Alright, let’s settle this at the castle’s training ground.”
“Lasa!”
“Elmero, you’re in too! Or are we just a bunch of women who swarm around the Shield Hero? We’ve got to show what we’re made of right here and now.”
Hoho, that’s a pretty good line coming from a panda. Wanting to contribute rather than just leech off her Father… I guess I need to rethink my opinion of Panda.
“…I see. I get the logic. But do we really have to do this right here?”
“It’s precisely because it’s just beginning. To begin with, I don’t think the Shield Hero even has a clue how strong we really are. He probably just has a vague sense that we’re stronger than the average guy around here.”
Panda glances at my Father once before turning her attention to Zou.
“Honestly, I couldn’t care less. What about you? You’re acting so out of character. Did you really want to play knight that badly?”
“W-well, I…”
“Either way, I think this is a good opportunity. We just need to let Lord Iwatani and the others see what we’re capable of. I’d also like to spar with you later.”
“Since we’re about to face the waves,” Éclair continued. Then, as if in perfect unison, she and Panda set off toward the training grounds.
Chapter 883 - Mock Battle [2018/06/12 10:00]
“Father, what do you think we should do?”
“Well, even when coordinating with others, it’s important to understand what we’re capable of. It’s one approach to gain a deeper understanding by facing monsters, but I think sparring is a good idea, too.”
“……If the Shield Hero grants his permission, that is.”
“Exactly. I’ve seen similar matches at Wild Ofumi’s place too!”
Rival said this while watching the scene unfold. It’s true—we used to train often in my Father’s village.
“It’s a match between the Dressed-Up Panda and the Female Knight.”
“Gaelion, you know Lars-chan and Eclair, right? How were things in the future?”
“Hmm… I don’t think the female knight ever actually fought anyone in the future. She had Vassal Weapons from another world to begin with.”
“Huh, another world…”
“By the way, there was a loop where the panda became the Claw Hero.”
“Oh, so if Lars-chan gets stronger, could she become a Seven Star Weapons Hero too?”
“She might be able to. Well, Gaelion’s aiming for that too.”
“The Claw is Filo-tan’s weapon, you know!”
“It’d be interesting if, during a loop in this world, we had Sakura wield it and acquire the Ryukoku series.”
Guh!? So that means it’s Sakura-chan in every loop!? Filo-tan turning into Sakura-chan!? That would create a forbidden ‘Eternal Sakura-chan’ scenario.
Ugh… While I do love Sakura-chan as Filolial-sama, this means she could potentially become the very thing that wipes out Filo-tan. If I don’t think this through, we might end up heading down a dangerous path. We must be on our guard!
“I might be a bit biased, but since Éclair-san moves so fast, she seems like she could really outmaneuver Lars-chan, doesn’t she?”
It’s true that Éclair’s fighting style prioritizes speed. It’s a method where she steadily stabs her opponent with a short sword to finish them off. At first, I thought it was a rather aristocratic style of fighting, but it’s remarkably efficient—you can’t underestimate it. In terms of stabbing, there’s a certain similarity to my own style.
“Lars-chan seems to have the advantage when it comes to brute strength and that sort of thing… but I wonder how it’ll turn out. I get the impression that Elmero-san also focuses on one-hit kills—I wonder how that’ll play out?”
“It’s true—I understand that my race makes me slow on my feet. But if I’d just left that weakness as it was, I wouldn’t have earned a nickname that’s whispered about.”
“So you’ve already figured out how to deal with fast opponents… Well, I wonder how this will play out?”
Being a mercenary is a profession you can succeed in because of your superior combat ability. As Zou says, there really shouldn’t be any weaknesses. Hmm, it looks like this will be a battle that’s hard to predict.
“So, Gaelion-chan, do you know what these two are capable of?”
“I only remember the female knight—I don’t know about the others at this point. All I know about the Dressed-Up Panda is that he uses bamboo.”
“Come to think of it, wasn’t Lars-chan’s nickname ‘Bamboo Grove’? Why ‘Bamboo Grove’? It seems she can summon bamboo with Magic, though.”
“Ah, so the Shield Hero doesn’t know Lars-chan’s fighting style, does he?”
I answer while watching the two of them, who are excited to face off against each other. I know, though. After all, I got hit with Magic in the bath. Well, even before that, I’ve seen it in the loops so far.
“The match ends when one opponent is on the verge of being knocked out, or when both sides are satisfied, right?”
“Yeah, no problem.”
“Since a knight’s fighting style isn’t really my thing, I’ll show you exactly how a mercenary fights. Don’t complain just because you lose, though.”
“Of course not. I’ll be sure to watch closely.”
“All right then… Let’s begin…”
Éclair and Panda both assume their stances and begin to glare at each other.
“‘Go!’”
With both of them shouting in unison, the battle began. The moment the command was given, Éclair lunged forward, while Panda took a step back and began casting Magic.
“Huh!?”
Panda rolled out of the way to dodge Éclair’s follow-up thrust with her sword.
“Whoa, whoa, you’re fast. And your footwork is solid, too. So you’re not just some knight for show, are you?”
“Get out of the way! You’re faster than I thought. Well then, I’ll just have to speed up even more.”
“I’m used to fighting, you see… Whoa!”
Panda kicked Éclair’s arm upward while performing a backflip and leaped far away. He’s surprisingly agile for his appearance.
“That’s not all!”
Though Éclair’s sword-wielding arm was kicked upward, he recovered with fluid movement and quickly gave chase. He reacted quickly to the Panda’s near-surprise attack.
“You’ve been trying to keep your distance quite a bit since the start. I was under the impression you preferred a fierce, claw-based battle, but are you a Magic user capable of close combat as well?”
“Isn’t that what this match is for? Well then, will you be able to see all the cards I’m holding?”
With a screech, the panda’s claws and Éclair’s sword begin to lock blades. The panda’s claws are harder than I expected. Just as I was thinking that, the panda’s claws began to glow faintly. It seems she’s enhancing them with Magic.
“Alright, here I go!”
“Be the source of power. I command you. Interpret the laws once more, O Great Plant. Pierce the fool!”
“Zweite Foot Spite Bamboo Spike!”
As the panda stomped her foot hard, bamboo shoots burst out of the ground.
“What’s this?!”
Éclair first pushed the erupting bamboo away from the close-quarters clash, creating a slight opening before parrying it and immediately closing in on the panda once more.
“I’d heard you were originally a mercenary, but I see… you seem to prefer fighting by catching your opponents off guard.”
“Are you, my stuffy knight, going to lecture me on how underhanded this is?”
“…No, I’ve been listening to you for a while now, and I was actually impressed that there’s a fighting style like this. I’ve heard that the ones who’ll appear from here on out are the very definition of underhanded. That knowledge might come in handy someday.”
“It’s no use talking down to me if you can’t back it up! Here I go!”
Panda swings his arm with all his might, aiming for a sweeping strike. Éclair crouches to dodge it and thrusts his sword straight at the space between Panda’s eyebrows.
“Whoa!”
But it was dodged. It looks like they’ve both managed to evade each other’s attacks.
“You’re going to dodge this one too? I can’t have you underestimating me.”
“Then I suppose I’ll have to spring a surprise attack of my own.”
“There’s no point in being so polite about it, you know?”
“Is that so? Fast Shining!”
A bright flash of light appeared right in front of the panda’s eyes for just an instant. Come to think of it, I seem to recall hearing that Éclair can use a little light Magic. So it wasn’t an illusion combining light and Darkness like her Older Sister’s—she was actually emitting light.
“Ugh… You’re quite the knight, capable of such underhanded tactics.”
Even though Panda’s eyes were still dazzled by the Magic Éclair had cast to blind her, she deftly rolled out of the way to dodge Éclair’s follow-up sword strike. Panda’s been rolling around a lot lately. It’s a strange way to dodge and roll.
“I’d really like you to stop underestimating me already.”
“Then you should put a little more effort into it, too. What’s with that half-hearted style?!”
“I’ve also experienced the aggressive leveling sessions with Lord Kitamura and the Filolials. I’ve also trained with Lord Kitamura, so I’m afraid I might go too far.”
Ah, we did train a bit with Éclair not only during our journey through Siltvelt but also after we arrived, didn’t we? Did I even teach her a bit about how to use her Ki? It was quite a while ago, so my memory’s a bit fuzzy.
“Don’t underestimate me. I’ve trained to survive, and I consider myself to be at a high level.”
“I see. Well then… it’s about time you showed me what you’re really made of. That Magic you’ve been secretly casting—the one that takes quite a while to activate—is your trump card, isn’t it?”
“Huh… so you saw right through me? It would’ve been a total disaster if you’d been defeated without even knowing about this!”
Éclair is showing the Panda that she has the composure to cast Magic, as if making a concession. She wants to know his strategy, doesn’t she?
“Right, right… Heroes, you haven’t been told why Lasa’s epithet is ‘Bamboo Grove,’ have you?”
Zou, who had been watching the battle between the panda and Éclair from the sidelines, explains this to me and my Father.
“Isn’t it because he uses Magic to summon bamboo? Kind of like a magic warrior?”
“Exactly. At the very least, Panda shouldn’t be a mage.”
I thought it was ‘Bamboo Grove’ because he’s a user of bamboo magic. That’s how it’s always been in the loops so far.
“No, it’s true that the Magic Lasa uses is plant-based, but is that really distinctive enough to warrant a nickname? If so, she’d probably be called the ‘Bamboo User.’”
“Then why is it ‘Bamboo Grove’?”
“Well…”
Before Zou could finish explaining, it seems Panda’s magic incantation has already ended. It appears to be quite a tedious spell to cast. She’s venturing into the realm of Cooperative Magic. Though not quite as powerful as her Older Sister, Panda seems to be quite the force to be reckoned with.
“I, the very source of power, command you. Interpret the truth once more, and let the bamboo become a forest!”
“Drifa Bamboo Field!”
The panda spread her arms wide and flicked the magic orb she’d created, and with a rumble, countless bamboo shoots burst forth vigorously all around them.
“A wide-area spell, is it! But this is nothing!”
Éclair dodges, deflects, and cuts down the countless Magic-created bamboo shoots as they surge toward her.
“Is that your signature move?”
“Nope. It wouldn’t be any fun if you went down after just that, would it?”
“Then what is it?”
“Well, let’s see if you can even stay on your feet while facing me like this.”
The panda slowly leaps toward a nearby bamboo stalk. Clinging to it, she uses the momentum from the bamboo’s powerful flex to start darting all over the place.
It’s moving several times faster than before. In the blink of an eye, it circles around behind Éclair and charges at her.
It’s just like that, isn’t it? It’s like playing dodgeball all by itself. Éclair is the one who has to dodge, while the panda is always on the offensive.
“What!? So there’s an attack like this!? If I get hit, it’ll be more than just a little painful.”
Éclair jumps up while turning around to dodge the panda’s charge.
“That’s Lasa’s signature fighting style—using bamboo for high-speed movement and acceleration to deliver heavy blows.”
“Summoning a bamboo grove, using bamboo for attacks and movement… Is this a fighting style designed to solve the problem of lacking speed? She’s really put some thought into it.”
“The bamboo Larsa summons is incredibly sturdy, so it’s a real struggle to break it.”
“Given that characteristic, all you have to do is destroy the bamboo grove, right?”
Plus, judging by the panda’s expression, you can tell it’s expending Magical Power to maintain the Magic. If it were me, I’d either turn the place into a sea of fire or blow it away with a Brionac, but that’s probably impossible with an Éclair.
“Well, the mercenary life isn’t easy enough for someone to rise to the top with just that. It’s merely one card in Lasa’s deck of combat strategies. He doesn’t get stuck in the bamboo grove.”
“So, if it gets destroyed, he doesn’t redeploy it frequently?”
“Yes. In fact, there are times when he doesn’t even enter the bamboo grove at all, but instead fights from a distance by continuously summoning countless bamboo stalks to impale his opponents. I suspect they’re trying to break the opponent’s spirit—someone confident in their speed—after determining that tactic won’t work.”
While we’re having this conversation, the panda is lunging at Éclair in every direction. However, although Éclair was initially thrown off balance, she seems to have gradually gotten used to its movements and is now anticipating its attacks by a hair’s breadth, just like a matador. Éclair infused her sword with light magic. She’s ready to finish this.
“There! Ha!”
She swings her sword as if chasing after the panda as it lunges and retreats. Realizing the attack would hit if things continued this way, the panda punched the ground with its fist to divert its trajectory and landed. A few strands of the panda’s fur were snipped off and floated through the air.
“Whoa, have you gotten this quick at reacting already? That’s surprising!”
“It seems the key is not to be surprised by whatever comes your way. Besides… it looked like you still had another trick up your sleeve.”
“Did you really think I wouldn’t see right through you—saying that while trying to read my movements and use the bamboo to damage me instead?”
“I didn’t think you’d be that foolish. But this place must be both easy and difficult for you to fight in, right? It looks like your movements are restricted by this bamboo.”
“That’s true… Sometimes I even get hit by the bamboo I created myself, so it’s a pain.”
With a *smack!*, the panda clapped her hands, and the bamboo burst and vanished all at once. After all, it was just bamboo created by Magic.
Chapter 884 - The Queen of the Earth's Tremors [2018/06/26 10:00]
“What’s up? Are you giving up already?”
“Well, if I get used to it, there’s no point, right? From now on, I’m going to use some more advanced techniques!”
“Hmm…”
With that, the panda did a backflip, causing bamboo to appear right where he stood. He shifted his weight onto it, causing it to bend, and leaped upward, lunging toward Éclair. It’s just like a cannon. This is an attack only possible because the panda is round and massive.
“And then… Whoa! Whoops!”
As the panda speaks, several bamboo stalks shoot out from Éclair’s blind spot. It seems the panda intends to immobilize her.
“Even though the mechanism is the same, the bamboo appears with such versatility—attacking, obstructing, supporting… Is it handling all of that? I’m genuinely impressed.”
Éclair tightened her grip on her sword and used the bamboo as an axis to roll, turning it into a shield against the panda’s claws as it lunged at her. With a series of cracking sounds, the panda’s downward-slashing claws shattered the bamboo it had conjured with Magic. That’s quite a powerful attack.
However, it fell just short of reaching Éclair. From there, Éclair channeled Magic into her sword and thrust forward with great force.
“Your fighting style may be unassuming, but you sure know how to handle yourself. I never would’ve thought you’d be able to use bamboo like that.”
With a thud, the panda caught Éclair’s thrust with its claws while using several bamboo stalks as a shield; Éclair deflected the panda’s claws by firing a beam of light Magic. Then the panda even attempted a sweep, but Éclair anticipated it, lifting her leg to dodge while simultaneously launching a counter-kick at the panda’s supporting leg. The panda dodged that instantly as well.
The situation is evenly matched. With a light “whoosh,” they both stepped back slightly, then broke their stances and brushed the dust off their bodies.
“I understand you’re skilled. I’ve seen a mercenary’s fight firsthand.”
“A knight’s ‘noble’ fighting style just looks clumsy to me. But since you managed to parry my attacks cleanly, your skills seem solid.”
“Hmph… I’m sorry, but I believe courtesy should be upheld. It’s probably because you’re a mercenary that you prefer to attack from blind spots.”
“Éclair, aren’t you going to get angry at Panda’s attack?”
It seems the match has come to a temporary conclusion. So, here’s my question.
“...It could be a tactic to cover up a lack of skill with underhanded tricks. But in Larsazusa’s case, I sensed movements based on years of experience, always keeping in mind situations that work to his advantage. I suppose this is the art of survival as a mercenary.”
“Well, he can’t afford to get injured in a way that even healing magic can’t fix. It’s only natural he’d use any means necessary to avoid that.”
“If he’d done this while claiming to be fighting fair and square, I’d have found it unpleasant too. I also hate it when people rely on sheer level advantage to make themselves look stronger than they are, just to cover up their inexperience. Above all, I’d be furious if someone said one thing one moment and the opposite the next, depending on the situation.”
You mean that guy, don’t you? The one whose name starts with “Ta” and ends with “To.” By the way, it seems that was the attack my Father took from Ren during the first world loop. I remembered it because there was a time when Ren was confessing with a gloomy expression.
“You mean the kind of guy who preaches chivalry during a duel, but when cornered, breaks the rules and ends up bringing up the mercenary thing?”
“Ah, yes! But didn’t Lord Larsazusa clearly declare that he was fighting as a mercenary? So I don’t find it offensive either.”
That’s exactly it. Ren’s behavior when he gets carried away is similar. Back then, Ren was strangely intent on outwitting his opponents.
To someone with true strength, those strange movements are a clear sign that he’s up to something. When cornered, a guy like that will try to pull off a brute-force move or unleash Skills to save himself. I’m sure he’d use one without hesitation even in a match where Skills are banned, if he looked like he was about to lose.
“Even though I never said anything about fighting ‘fair and square,’ there sure are a lot of knights who love to preach chivalry, aren’t there?”
“Where do you think I’m from?”
Éclair comes from a noble family in Melromarc that tried to build friendly relations with Demi-Humans and Beastmen. I see—so she was familiar with Demi-Human combat styles to some extent.
“If I judge things solely by human standards, I’ve had enough experience to know I’ll take unexpected hits. If you try to keep me at a distance by firing Magic from afar and running around, I won’t exactly be calm… but if that happens, I’ll just fight back.”
“I might do that, depending on the situation. But I’ll at least judge whether the opponent is the kind who’d go for it.”
“Hmph… You shouldn’t put yourself down like that.”
“I just don’t like fighting like a knight, that’s all.”
That’s the kind of banter Éclair and Panda were exchanging.
“Alright then, Elmero. It’s your turn next.”
“…Honestly, I’m not really fond of senseless battles.”
“That’s exactly why I’m telling you—you haven’t been acting like a goody-two-shoes lately just to imitate the Shield Hero, have you?”
Panda was calling him out with a look of utter exasperation. Does that mean he’s usually considered barbaric?
“Sigh… I guess I have no choice.”
Zou reluctantly got to his feet and stepped forward to take Panda’s place and face Éclair.
“Aren’t you tired from fighting Rasa?”
“No need to worry.”
“Fine, I’ll go… but this time, I’m going bare-handed.”
Does Zou intend to go easy on Éclair?
“What do you usually use?”
“You’ll understand once you see me fight.”
“I see… Well then, I’ll watch.”
Éclair lowers her center of gravity and assumes a fighting stance, ready to battle at any moment.
“How does Zou fight, anyway?”
“Her nickname is the ‘Queen of Earthquakes,’ so I guess it has something to do with that?”
“That’s right. I’m not one to talk—I’m the one who summons bamboo forests—but honestly, teaming up with Elmero is a hassle, so I don’t really like it.”
Panda says this as she slumps down listlessly. …She’s resting quite a ways behind us, isn’t she?
“Well then… let’s settle this…”
“Go!”
At Zou’s command, Éclair dashes toward her. She intends to quickly get around her side and launch an attack. But Zou swings his arm around, turns toward Éclair, and stomps the ground powerfully. Thud! The sound was several times louder than before, and the ground around us shook. A tremor rippled out from Zou’s position, and the vibrations reached even us, who were just watching from the sidelines.
"Whoa—"
Éclair is starting to lose her balance from the jolt. Of course, she regains her footing immediately, but the elephant has turned completely to face her head-on, so she couldn’t attack from the side.
"Haa!"
And with that, the elephant swings its leg upward and charges straight at Éclair.
“Ugh!”
The movement itself isn’t that fast, but because of its massive size, Éclair has to dodge widely or it’ll get hit.
“Not done yet!”
The elephant immediately changes direction and charges again. The ground continues to shake with a thud, thud. Because of that shaking, Éclair seems to be having a hard time running.
“Well, I think you’ve got the gist of it by now, right? Elmero, you see, basically fights using a strategy where he corners his opponent by creating massive ground tremors with Magic. He fights with a very offensive mindset.”
“It’s shaking pretty hard, isn’t it?”
“I think it’s done with earth-based Magic, don’t you think?”
“Elmero can cast it very frequently. I believe the Magic he’s using is called ‘Fast Earth Search’—it’s a Magic that causes a slight shockwave.”
“‘Fast,’ you say?”
It’s a beginner-level Magic. For one, it seems to have quite a powerful effect.
“It’s a weak Magic that uses your feet as a medium to cause slight vibrations in the surrounding area. But when Elmero uses it, it turns out like that.”
When a heavyweight like Zou uses it, it creates a rumbling that hinders the movements of those around him, doesn’t it?
“What is that Magic actually meant to be used for?”
“It’s useful for finding monsters hiding underground. As a side effect, it lets you know what’s buried in the ground around you.”
“So dowsing is its original purpose? Using it like that is pretty amazing, I guess.”
“Gaelion wouldn’t have any trouble with that opponent.”
Rival says this while showing off a tiny feather. Isn’t that just because you can fly?
“Well, Gaelion-chan, you see…”
“Well, I’m sure anyone who can use wind magic wouldn’t think twice about it. All they have to do is lift her up a little.”
“In a game, it’s all about type advantages, right? But it’s not just that, like with Lars-chan, is it?”
“That’s right. Well, as for me, I can summon a bamboo grove or just cling to a bamboo stalk—I can handle anything that way.”
“They say to take shelter in a bamboo grove during an earthquake… but I’m pretty sure that was a hoax, wasn’t it?”
“Is that so?”
I seem to recall hearing something like that, too.
“Well, yeah. If someone really goes all out with earth magic, the ground could get turned upside down, and we’d get buried along with the bamboo grove. The roots aren’t that strong. But the bamboo itself is fine even when it shakes, so I can use that motion to fly around.”
Ah, so you’re saying a panda can use the bamboo grove to fly around freely and attack an elephant from all angles. It seems like a pretty adaptable way to fight.
“I’m looking forward to seeing how that knight holds his own against Elmero.”
“When he’s up against Elmero, Eclair’s sword looks like a toothpick.”
Just as we were talking about that, Éclair leaped toward the elephant and, timing her charge with the elephant’s charge, cleared the gap by landing on its back.
“Whoa!”
But the elephant extends its trunk and tries to grab her.
“Not a chance!”
Éclair swings her sword, slashing at the elephant’s trunk. The elephant pulls back just slightly, allowing Éclair to break free.
“I’ve heard that fighting super-heavyweight Beastmen is a struggle… but this really is hard to attack… If I’d been caught, I’d have had a hard time breaking free.”
“Heh heh heh… So, how are you going to attack?”
It’s as if the elephant’s cat-like facade has slipped away; it’s wearing a condescending expression. You know, there’s a definite “dominant” vibe about it.
“Going head-on is a bad move. It’s obvious they’ll use not only their arms but even their trunk as a weapon… It’s like fighting an opponent with three arms.”
“So what are you going to do, then?”
“I’ll do this! Don’t think a mere earth tremor can stop me!”
Éclair charged head-on at the elephant, and just as it was about to slam her with both hands and its trunk, she accelerated even further… then slid right under the elephant’s legs. She immediately slashed at its legs with her sword.
“Ouch!? You got me!”
“Not yet!”
Éclair then moved to get behind the elephant and launch a follow-up attack. But something astonishing happened. Spikes shot up from the ground behind the elephant and counterattacked Éclair just as she was about to strike.
“Huh!?”
“There are plenty of opponents who try to slip under my legs. It’s been a while since I’ve faced an opponent who attacks with such good judgment and boldness!”
Every time the elephant stomped the ground, spikes continued to shoot out toward Éclair. She skillfully dodged them by backstepping, doing backflips, and somersaults.
“Is this a tactic you’ve faced many times before?”
“You bet.”
“It’s true—a reckless attack just gives your opponent a chance to strike back.”
“If you want to defeat me head-on, wouldn’t it be better to keep your distance and wear me down with Magic?”
“That’s certainly the safer approach. But I don’t think you’d be unable to handle that.”
“Hah! You really do understand me well.”
Zou responds as if to say Éclair’s answer was spot-on. At close range, he’ll hinder her movements and finish her off with a tank-like charge; at long range, he’ll take some other measure. If I get behind him, I’ll use Magic to cover my blind spots. If we were around the same level and had similar stats, it’d be a real struggle.
But why is that? I can’t help but picture Older Sister calmly and swiftly spearing Zou with a harpoon. I’d probably go in for the kill just as decisively.
“Elmero, your tone’s different.”
“That’s just his true nature. He’s a dissolute knight from Siltvelt who’s working as a mercenary, after all.”
“So normally, he’s more like Lars-chan?”
“That’s definitely right. That said, he seems to have a sense of chivalry in the strangest places—he’s a real pain in the neck.”
“What kind of person is he, exactly?”
“You can catch glimpses of a twisted life.”
Perhaps losing patience with Éclair’s constant evasion, Zou places his hand on the ground, uses Magic to pull a massive boulder out of the earth, and hurls it at her.
“Is that your countermeasure?!”
“That’s right. Do your best to dodge it!”
Éclair manages to dodge them somehow, but does she really stand a chance of winning like this? Zou keeps casting Magic to hurl boulders one after another, while repeatedly conjuring spikes from the ground to ensure Éclair has no time to rest. If there’s one thing that gives her a slight edge, it’s probably the fact that Zou’s movements are rather slow, don’t you think?
Chapter 885 - Heavyweight [2018/07/03 10:00]
“So it’s a fighting style that combines both close-range and long-range combat, huh…”
“Of course, you know she can keep up with flying opponents too, right?”
“She throws rocks, after all. If you get too close, her quick-moving nose will snare you and slam you into the ground, or choke you… or just punch you.”
“That kind of performance is part of the secret to her popularity, too. She makes her opponents dance with the ground tremors while toying with them… That’s why she earned the nickname ‘Queen of the Earthquakes’ at the Zeltoble Colosseum.”
“Lasa! Stop badmouthing me!”
“Oh, yeah, yeah. You’re totally in the zone now, aren’t you?”
“So she’s got that ‘Queen’ vibe…”
My Father looks a little taken aback. Panda’s grinning from ear to ear.
“Well, to be fair to Elmero’s honor—she’s not doing this because she wants to, so you shouldn’t worry about it, right? It feels like she’s being forced to do it as a gladiator. Though it does seem like he’s being his true self.”
“Well… he did look like he was having a lot of fun when he was playing with Sakura-chan and the others.”
This is it! A fighter who battles in the Colosseum for the sake of the children… a rival of Filolial Mask. Come to think of it, I feel like we fought him in the last loop. I’d forgotten because I took him out right at the start.
“Filolial Mask is really making a name for himself in the Colosseum.”
“Who’s that guy? He’s kind of intriguing.”
“That’s the ring name I used in the Colosseum during the last loop.”
“We might share the same love for kids, but I definitely don’t want to fight him.”
“Yeah… I’m saying this because I know how strong the Spear Hero is, but someone like Elmero wouldn’t even be a match, would he?”
“HAHAHA!”
“Stop laughing… I feel sorry for whoever runs into Motoyasu-kun in Zeltoble.”
That’s Takt, isn’t it! If I see him in the Colosseum next time, I’ll take care of him after the tournament.
“I wonder how I did?”
“We might have met.”
Though, I’d think the panda would definitely remember me. Unless it was transformed into a pig, of course.
But timing-wise, it might not have been there during the period we were staying there. In the loop where I was peddling goods in Melromarc with Father, I was in Siltvelt until around the time of the second wave.
“You don’t remember…? Lars-chan, please rest in peace.”
“That’s no joke, so please stop. So, Sir Knight, how are you going to deal with that Queen of Earthquakes?”
“Oh, it looks like Eclair is about to do something.”
Éclair is dodging while placing her hand on her sword and channeling Magical Power and strength into it. Then, keeping her center of gravity low, she dodges the rock Zou threw and closes in rapidly.
“Your weaknesses are, as expected, your sluggish movements and the fact that your massive frame makes you a large target. So I’ll exploit those weaknesses. Haaaaaah!”
She closed in by ducking beneath his legs, and just as Zou—alert to the maneuver—was about to cast Magic to protect his back, Éclair stopped right in front of him and thrust her sword toward his solar plexus. With a satisfying “thwack,” a shockwave seemed to travel all the way through to Zou’s back. The elephant looked as if it had been knocked off balance.
“Ugh…”
Éclair immediately leaped back and began shifting her stance slightly, as if planning her next move. It was a style of dancing like a butterfly and stinging like a bee. Seeing this, Zou sat down on his haunches as if he’d given up.
“Ouch, you’ve got quite the punch there.”
“Oh? Are you stopping here? I didn’t think it went in that deep, and I was actually thinking about my next move…”
Looking somewhat unsatisfied, Éclair sheathes her sword.
“I misread your next move—I lose. I underestimated you far too much.”
“By the way, if you’d known I was going to use the same move, what were you planning to do?”
“Well, that’s…”
Zou is moving his trunk at an incredible speed. Isn’t that the fastest part of his body?
“...I see. If I were hit by that attack, it would be difficult to aim for your stomach head-on.”
“Since you were on guard, I didn’t expect you to come at me head-on. That’s quite bold of you.”
“I’m well aware it’s sometimes necessary. Judging by the resistance I felt, your physical strength and endurance seem like they’d be a real challenge… It’s only natural that you’ve been appointed as Lord Iwatani’s Guardian Knight.”
That sturdiness certainly makes you perfect as my Father’s bodyguard. Well, since my father is the Shield Hero, I’m not sure if he actually needs one. But having an ally who can defend should give us more strategic options than relying solely on my father. Above all, since Zou is a power-type fighter, we could have my father draw in the attacks while Zou delivers the finishing blow.
“Don’t you think you should focus a little more on using Magic, Sir Knight? You’re too fixated on swordsmanship.”
“……That’s a bit of a hard pill to swallow. But since this is a rare opportunity, I suppose I’ll give it a try.”
“By the way, in the first world, Éclair belonged to a school called the ‘Hengen Muso Style,’ where she learned various techniques and used them almost like Magic, didn’t she?”
“……”
Éclair looks a bit uneasy. I offered that advice based on my loop experience, but her reaction is a bit lukewarm. I wonder what she doesn’t like about it?
“Motoyasu-kun……”
“You need to choose your time and place.”
My Father and Rival are muttering something to each other. Did I say something wrong?
“…Well, I suppose a knight’s fighting style would work against most heavyweights.”
“By the way, Larsazusa, how do you plan to defeat Lord Elmero?”
“Last time he won, he tied him up with bamboo, didn’t he? He got caught pretty easily.”
“On the other hand, there was that time you charged in recklessly, got caught by me, slammed into the ground, and got knocked out, wasn’t there?”
“Ha! You’ve forgotten about something that old, haven’t you!”
Panda just ignores the Elephant’s reply as if she doesn’t know anything about it.
“So, Shield Hero. Do you get how we fight now?”
“Yeah, you’re all really strong. It’d be fun to figure out how to use you all strategically.”
“Exactly!”
My Father seems to enjoy this kind of teamwork. If it weren’t for the whole “training Rival” thing, I’d ask Sakura-chan and the others to handle it.
“Personally, I think it’d be just right to have Shield Hero literally hold Elmero by the arm or around the nose and use him as a shield.”
“Rasa!”
“That’s a bit much, don’t you think? Especially since we have to protect Lord Iwatani.”
“Ahaha… That’s a full-fledged heavyweight tank. That combination… Well, my role as the Shield Hero is to protect and support everyone in the first place.”
My father gave a wry smile.
“Panda… I won’t stand for you making my father do something like that.”
“How is that any different from protecting them while riding the Filolial? I think it’s a good formation, don’t you?”
So my Father rides on the elephant’s back, gets lifted by its trunk, and even sits on its hand, huh? …Considering how slow elephants are, that might actually be a good idea… Well, at least the elephant itself can handle the attacking. Just like with that Éclair earlier, my Father can provide support for attacks aimed at the solar plexus. But wouldn’t we be able to protect everyone more quickly if we didn’t bring the elephant along?
“Judging by the way Elmero fights, it might be more efficient to have him provide support from the rear by throwing rocks. Or perhaps a ‘catapult style’ where he actually hurls his allies to close in on the enemy?”
“Hey! What are you saying?!”
At that, Zou flashes a sinister grin, as if hatching a scheme, and cracks his knuckles.
“That sounds great. Since Lasa can both defend and attack, I’ve been dying to hurl her around. She’s round and just the right size, I think.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me!”
“Hmm… It looks like we can take on this battle with a rather unique team composition.”
Éclair nodded with satisfaction.
“Whoa, is it over already?”
When I looked toward the voice, I spotted my Finacée, Sakura-chan, Yuki-chan, and Kou watching from a castle window a short distance away. It seems they’d been watching the match. When I waved, Sakura-chan and the others waved back. And just like that, Éclair and the others’ training session came to an end.
---
After that, my Father took Éclair and the others to Siltvelt to go on a monster-hunting expedition to train their Rival. Meanwhile, we set out on a journey around the world to slay dragons.
I really didn’t want to do it, but it’s better than doing nothing. Plus, we could do it while also leveling up the Filolial-samas. So, we rotated the Filolial-samas at the castle on a regular basis as we traveled around slaying dragons and monsters in various regions.
“Aiming Lancer X! Brionac X! Gungnir X! Liberation Firestorm X! Liberation Fire Eye X! Liberation Prominence X! Hahaha! You’re weak!　Way too weak!”
Facing the monsters that keep pouring out like water from their lairs far from human settlements, I’m letting off all the steam I’ve built up from the folks at Shieldfreeden and my Rival.
“Motoyasu Biiiiiiiiim!”
Liberation Fire Eye is just as handy as a Brionac. Sweeping attacks are a breeze!
“Whoa! That’s amazing!”
“Magic’s coming out of your eyes!”
“Let’s give it our all, too!”
It’s heartwarming to see Filolial-sama, whom I brought along, running around full of enthusiasm. I can even stock up on food while I’m out hunting. Of course, I’ve already collected Bio-Plant seeds as I’ve been traveling around.
I’ve seen my father put these seeds to good use time and time again. With these, not only will the food shortage in Shieldfreeden be solved, but the food crises happening all over the world will be resolved in one fell swoop. There’s absolutely no room for Rival to slip into my father-in-law’s list of people he evaluates!
“Hahahahaha! I’ll wipe out dragons and griffins once and for all!”
Of course, while I was at it, I also destroyed the secret fortress of the Three Heroes Church in Melromarc. It seems it wasn’t fully operational, so there wasn’t much to gain from it. I’ve reported everything in full to the Queen.
I stormed in while searching for the Trash. Unfortunately, he wasn’t there. Where on earth is he hiding?
So, I spent my time productively, gathering a mountain of materials, loot, and Dragon Emperor shards before returning. When I returned to Siltvelt Castle, my father and the others were resting in the garden—it seemed they’d just come back from a hunt. Of course, perhaps because Siltvelt wants to treat my father—the Shield Hero—with the utmost respect, they appear to be setting up temporary chairs and tents around him. My father explained with a look of exasperation that he was just resting.
“Naofumi, the Spear Hero has returned.”
My Rival spotted me and told my Father. Hasn’t he grown quite a bit? He’s now almost as tall as my Father. But! He’s nowhere near the pace at which Filolial-sama is growing!
“Oh, Motoyasu and the others are back, too.”
“That’s right! Here’s a gift for you.”
I’ll toss the bag filled with fragments of the Dragon Emperor at my Rival. With a “chomp,” he catches the bag in his mouth. I thought he might smash it right into his face to make a spectacle of himself and slyly score some points with my Father, but he’s being quite well-behaved.
“There’s a lot of the other materials, so I’d appreciate it if you could come back later to pick them up, Father.”
“Sure. They’re essential for our own strengthening anyway, and it never hurts to gather supplies in preparation for future battles.”
“We’re making good progress, aren’t we?”
My Rival used his tongue to pick out the Dragon Emperor’s shards from the bag I’d handed him, swallowed them all, and said that. He’s gotten smaller, you know.
“…Haven’t you shrunk a bit?”
“I’ve learned how to adjust my size now. Since I have more transformation variations, I can change to the size Naofumi requested.”
“You’re still such a sly one!”
“I’d prefer you call it ‘versatility.’”
What kind of versatility is that? You’re only good for breaking through level caps, that’s all.
“Now, now…”
“Once we’re in combat, I’ll be able to assist Naofumi and the others even more. Or would it be better for me to fight on the front lines?”
“Hmm… All things considered, Eclair and the others are pretty capable. I wonder if we’ll manage to pull off enough attacks?”
“It’s hard to say we’ll advance as relentlessly as the Spear Hero or the Filolials.”
“Don’t compare us to them!”
The panda, who was resting in the rear, objects to Rival’s remark. Naturally. No matter how excellent you lot are as mercenaries or knights, I have no intention of losing.
“Well… if we want to be efficient, maybe we should let Motoyasu-kun take care of Éclair and the others to level them up first, and then have them help us level up over here?”
When my father muttered that, Éclair flinched slightly before putting on a calm front and sipping the tea that had been served to her.
“Um… Miss Éclair, is there anything special about leveling up while traveling with the Spear Hero?”
“…To put it simply, it involves riding on a Filolial’s back and galloping through the wilds.”
Éclair quietly answered Zou’s question. That’s right! It’s a really fun ride!
“Isn’t it just a bit bumpy? We rode on it on the way to the dragon’s lair, didn’t we?”
“You can’t just brush it off like that. That was… a hit-and-run.”
Chapter 886 - Real Leveling [2018/06/19 10:00]
"Well... I guess you're not wrong."
"Accompanying the Spear Hero, huh... He's the kind of guy who tramples dragons underfoot—that's actually what scares me more."
"I suppose so. He's sometimes covered in blood, after all. He seems calm on the surface, but who knows what kind of fierce battles he's fighting..."
“Should we level up Éclair and the others?”
I’ll help with anything other than training our Rival team, you know?
“That’s fine, but—”
“Listen, I’d like you to at least understand what our role is here.”
Is that the pandas’ role? Technically, we’re the bodyguards for my Father, appointed by the kingdom. Are we also candidates to be his concubines?
“Even so, I think if Motoyasu-kun helps us level up for a day, Lars-chan and the others will be able to fight more efficiently, don’t you think?”
“That might be true, but… they’re already fighting just fine as it is.”
“That’s true, but… I don’t think it’d hurt to pick up the pace a bit. I’ve got a bad feeling about this…”
A bad feeling, you say? I can sort of see where you’re coming from, but we’re not so weak that a few Takt remnants running amok would make any difference.
“Exactly! Instead of leaving it to the Spear Hero, we should level up Gaelion! If we have Naofumi boost his latent potential before we fight, we’ll be more efficient!”
Éclair and the others let out sighs that seemed to show they were a bit worn out by Rival’s speech.
“Since that’s the case, let’s hold off on Motoyasu-kun helping out for a little while longer.”
“Got it! Then I’ll issue some good weapons and gear to Éclair and the others!”
Fortunately, I found some drop items that look pretty decent. They’d probably be too difficult for Zou to use, but Éclair and Panda should be able to handle them. I’ll hand out the drop equipment I obtained from defeating dragons, griffins, and the like with my spear.
“This one’s for Panda, then.”
I hand over the Griffin Claw—a weapon similar to the Griffin Edge already issued to Éclair—and the Dragon Claw, a drop weapon from a dragon. By the way, it seems there are various types of Dragon Claws. The one I just gave her is the Wind Dragon Claw, a wind-attribute claw. It also boosts Agility, so it should help speed up Panda’s movements, which tend to be a bit slow.
“Oh, thank you… Aren’t you going to give it to Filolial? It seems like it would fit her, though.”
“Filolial-sama dislikes weapons derived from dragons, so it’s unnecessary.”
It’s actually just junk that takes up space in his quiver. Since many Griffins don’t like it either, it’s unnecessary.
“Ah, I see.”
“Éclair should take this, too.”
I handed Éclair the Red Dragon Sword as a backup for the Griffin Edge. Since Éclair was my forging master in the first world, I’m sure she’ll be able to handle it.
“You sure do hand out some pretty impressive weapons so easily…”
Éclair replied while lightly swinging the Red Dragon Sword I’d given her. She’s holding it more naturally than when I gave her the Griffin Edge before. That’s surely proof that her level and skill have risen significantly.
“What about Zou?”
“…You’re just calling Elmero ‘Zou’ as is.”
“No, don’t worry about it…”
Since throwing rocks seems to be his go-to move… hmm. Besides, isn’t it too big to be practical?
“Ah, Elmero won’t mind at all.”
“Is that so?”
“Yeah. When I went hunting earlier, I got a weapon from a drop that looks usable.”
Saying that, I looked over at Zou, and there he was, holding a large iron ball attached to a chain. Wow, so items like this drop too.
“I wonder if weapons that match your party members’ styles also drop?”
“I wonder?”
I haven’t really tested that aspect much. Since I sometimes picture monster drops based on my game knowledge, I can’t rule out the possibility that the weapon drops are somewhat influenced by my own mental image. Well, it’s also an opportunity to acquire all sorts of gear, so it’s probably best not to worry about it too much.
“As for armor, I think custom-made pieces are just as good as drops.”
The craftsmen in Siltvelt would surely work around the clock to fulfill a request from my Father. If we don’t pay attention to that, Zou might not be able to equip anything, don’t you think?
“That’s true. I’m using the armor Motoyasu-kun gave me, too, so if we just pick out items that look usable, it’s easy to boost our combat power.”
“That’s about it. Though having a small throwing knife would come in handy in a pinch.”
“Should we use dropped knife-type items? It might be a bit of a waste, though.”
Mercenaries aren’t picky about their weapons, are they?
“Well, let’s wrap up this break and head out again.”
“Got it!”
And so, my Father and the others set off once more. By the time night fell that day, it seemed Éclair and the others had leveled up sufficiently and improved their stats. They’ve become much more capable in battle, and you can really tell that their Rival has been getting significantly stronger.
“So being a Hero actually boosts the amount of EXP you gain, huh? I was surprised at first, but there’s no way we shouldn’t take advantage of this.”
“Oh, so that’s really how it is?”
“I’d say so. I sensed it myself during my journey with Lord Iwatani and the others. If Lord Rasa—who’s gotten used to hunting monsters—says so, there’s no doubt about it.”
It’s an obvious discovery, isn’t it? People were saying the same thing back in the first world.
“We’re going a little further in tomorrow, aren’t we? Otherwise, we won’t stand a chance against the efficiency that Spear Hero puts out. I want Gaelion to get stronger faster.”
“I think Gaelion-chan has already caused plenty of chaos, though.”
“Not nearly enough. If I don’t gain more power, I’m worried about what lies ahead.”
“I see… Well then, let’s do our best. We’re starting to work well together, so things are looking good.”
It’s hard to admit, but Rival really understands the situation. It just goes to show she hasn’t been tagging along on the loop for nothing. If she’s satisfied with this much, it’ll make things a lot easier for me.
“I hear Takt’s dragon was already at Level 250. I wonder how strong my current Rival is?”
"Huh? Well, since we've been working on improving our stats and stuff under Gaelion-chan's guidance, it's hard to say for sure, but right now I'm Level 80."
Hmph... Is that all you've got?
"Spear Hero, are you an idiot?"
"What do you mean!?"
“This is just the groundwork. From here on out, Gaelion and the others will begin their real leveling. Just you wait and see! The next battlefield has already been decided!”
As he says this, my Rival transforms into that dragon with skin resembling that water-attribute-type, Older Sister-like figure we saw before. I can’t quite figure out what this guy is trying to say.
“Naofumi, starting tomorrow, we’re switching to leveling up at sea! In this world, you get more EXP in the ocean.”
“Huh? Is that so?”
“It is! Actually, there are ways to increase EXP on the continent too, but if we do that now, it’ll create an environment where enemies tend to get stronger, so we should avoid it.”
“I see… but underwater battles might be tough for Lars-chan and Eclair.”
“Since they’ve raised you, Gaelion will do his best there. So, Naofumi, I want you to hold onto Gaelion and stay safe.”
“Got it.”
Grrr…! Rival! He’s taking full advantage of the fact that I and Filolial-sama can’t help out. If I suggest leveling up Éclair and the others here, it’ll just leave the rival and my Father alone together, so I can’t say anything! That dragon!
In the end, Father and the others held a training camp for about a week in total, and not only did Rival’s abilities improve, but those of everyone around Father also grew at a pace far faster than expected. They even carried out Class Ups through Limit Breaks. Rival even bestowed Limit Breaks on Filolial-sama and the others as if it were a favor.
Out of sheer frustration, I focused even more on training Filolial-sama and, whenever I had a spare moment, continued my research on the “Eternal Filo-chan” project. I had the feeling my Doctor was sighing whenever I came in for consultations day after day, but I suppose that was just my imagination.
“Is this appearance about right for showing to the people of the kingdom?”
“Yeah, if we’re going to match the legends they believe in over there, that’s the way to go.”
A week later, Rival said this to my Father when he returned from a hunt. Over the past week, Rival has been changing his appearance constantly. It seems he consulted not only my Father, Éclair, and Panda, but also the people of Siltvelt and Shieldfreeden. The story goes that he was deciding just how divine a dragon’s form should be—one that could become an object of worship.
It seems he’s made a pretty solid decision. I hear Takt’s dragon was a large, blue-toned one. To counter that, he says he’ll mix in some red tones while also incorporating white sections to give it a slightly divine feel.
“So, this is next! Naofumi, what do you think of this form?”
Eventually, the Rival stopped showing the presentation-ready design… and instead showed his Father a brown-and-black-striped baby dragon. The tail reminds me of his Older Sister… no, it turned out to be a hybrid of a creature modeled after his Older Sister and a dragon.
“Huh? Oh, that’s actually a really cute design.”
“It’s based on Naofumi’s favorite creature from his first world. Gaelion remembers it clearly.”
“Wow, you’re really talented.”
“By the way, I can change the color scheme too!”
The Rival transformed from brown into a black-and-white panda pattern.
“Buh!”
My father burst out laughing right then and there. He slowly turned to look at the panda.
“……”
The panda was staring at Rival with a very stern expression.
“Are you making fun of me?”
“Gaelion is just showing off the tricks he can do—”
Rival, is your body made of clay or something? No… come to think of it, you used to be chocolate, didn’t you?
“Well then… it’s about time we head to Shieldfreeden. I think we’re all set.”
“Yeah, that’s right. That’s why I thought I’d ask Gaelion-chan to lend a hand.”
“Then, to show some dignity and surprise, Gaelion will take human form too!”
Saying that, Rival… cast Magic and instantly transformed, taking on the human form she’d shown before. It’s Rival in her adult form. As always, she’s adopting a look tailored to my Father’s tastes!
“Well, this is about it.”
“Whoa… Gaelion-chan, you’re an adult, aren’t you?”
“Heh heh, with the Dragon Emperor’s knowledge, this is a piece of cake. I want more praise.”
“Amazing, amazing.”
Ugh…
“Sakura-chan! It’s time to go!”
“Hmm…? Naofumi…”
Sakura-chan slowly approaches her Father and looks up at him. Father crouches down so he’s at the same eye level as Sakura-chan.
“What’s wrong?”
“Boo.”
Sakura-chan lets out a little grumble, looking a bit dissatisfied. But my Father just gently strokes Sakura-chan’s head. If this were Filo-tan, how do you think she’d react?
“Master! Filo is way cooler than Gaelion!”
I have a feeling she’d be saying that while hopping around my Father. No matter how much of an angel of love Filo-tan may be, she would never make any concessions to a dragon. When you think about it that way… it’s only natural that I can’t believe Sakura-chan and Filo-tan are the same person. It’s no wonder I didn’t notice.
“Naofumi, it’s been all Gaelion and the others lately… boo.”
“What can I do? Sakura-chan and the others hate dragons.”
“Hmph…”
“I’m sorry. I’ll definitely make it up to you.”
Father looks at me with a troubled expression as Sakura-chan protests, acting all sulky.
“Motoyasu-kun, I’m not sure you should be egging Sakura-chan on like that.”
“It’s not my fault! Sakura-chan and the others are important too, you know.”
“I suppose you’re right, but…”
“Well, Gaelion is going to be busier for a while. It’s fine to let Sakura take charge of protecting Naofumi.”
Huh? That’s a remarkably generous attitude for a Rival to have. You, on the other hand, could stay away not just for a while, but forever, for all I care.
“Boo.”
“Is that so?”
“I suppose Naofumi will stop by a few places, but Gaelion plans to tour the towns of Shieldfreeden to spread the word and gather support.”
It seems he isn’t just taking advantage of the situation to tag along. But what on earth has caused this change of heart?
Chapter 887 - Filolial 49 [2018/07/10 10:00]
“This sounds kind of tough… Are you okay?”
“It’s just a busy time right now. There must be situations where we can’t just keep Naofumi at Shieldfreeden all the time.”
“Well… I guess so.”
…She has a point. Normally, the Shieldfreeden lot are the kind of people who’d be done with a job as soon as they get paid. However, for various reasons, there are things that simply have to be done at Shieldfreeden. We need to resolve this issue as quickly as possible so we can wipe out the remaining Takt forces, capture the Trash, and deal with the waves.
“Above all, it’s fine now. If those Takt women show up, we’ll take them alive. Even if Gaelion doesn’t come back, I’ll periodically back him up with the Spear Hero’s spear, so if you place a dragon egg nearby, he’ll be revived.”
“No, I don’t think that’s really okay…”
“Are you worried about me?”
Rival, seizing the moment, gives him a sultry look and rests her hand on my Father’s chin.
“Eh… no, I mean, when someone tells me it’s fine even if I die, I can’t just say, ‘Oh, okay.’”
“Father! Rival is trying to seduce you! You’ve got to be careful!”
“Boo!”
In response to my protest, my Father turns toward me, squinting slightly and letting out a faint sigh. But this is a perfectly reasonable point, after all.
“Listen, Motoyasu… what’s the point of making such a fuss over something like this?”
“But!”
“Anyway, since we’re all set, let’s head to Shieldfreeden.”
“It’s Gaelion’s debut.”
Guh… Why on earth do I have to bring my Rival along for the sake of this incredibly troublesome country!? It’s all because Shieldfreeden worships dragons, you know. …Is it wrong to worship dragons?
“I’m going to spread the Church of Filolial-sama in Shieldfreeden all on my own! Sakura-chan! We’re going the idol route!”
“Idols, you say… Well, if it goes well, we might be able to give them a run for their money.”
Just like in the first world, where Filo became an idol and united the world, I’m counting on Sakura-chan and the others to do their best! Sakura-chan is just like Filo-tan. There’s no doubt she can do the same thing.
“Don’t worry. I’m Member No. 00 of the Filo-tan Fan Club, and I’ve got a thing or two to say about Idols.”
“Huh? Motoyasu-kun, you’re an Idol otaku?”
“No, that’s not it. I’m a Filo-tan otaku.”
“O-oh, I see…”
In that case, it might be a good idea to bring in my Finacée—who was quite capable as a manager—to help out. But it’s doubtful my Finacée would actually come all the way to Shieldfreeden.
By the way, while Sakura-chan was spending a week training her Rival, she was having a great time hanging out with her Finacée in Melromarc. It seems they’ve already made plans to hang out again.
“Huh? Sakura, an Idol? What’s an Idol?”
Sakura-chan replied in her usual laid-back tone.
“An Idol is an Idol.”
“An Idol…”
“That’s right. An Idol.”
“Idol—”
Sakura-chan answered in a laid-back manner. She was flapping her hands back and forth—it was adorable. With this, maybe she’ll be able to pull it off?
“That’s not really an explanation… Um, to put it simply, it’s a job where you dance and sing cutely in front of everyone, I guess.”
“Huh? Is that fun?”
“Of course! It’s all glitz and glamour!”
“Glitz and glamour? Hmm?”
Ugh… Sakura-chan just isn’t getting the appeal of being an Idol. With her looks, becoming a popular Idol shouldn’t be a pipe dream.
“Sakura-chan is so laid-back… it might be hard for her to be an Idol.”
“She can do it!”
If Filo-tan can do it, Sakura-chan can too! But… it’s true that Sakura-chan is a laid-back Filolial-sama. It’s hard to imagine her dancing and singing with such agility. I wonder if she can adopt an Idol’s perspective… We’ll have to practice that.
In that case, Yuki-chan should debut with us too! Let’s form a unit! Double the impact! Yuki-chan’s crest feathers are twitching as she listens quietly, so she must not mind!
“Yuki-chan too, you know.”
“Understood!”
Yuki-chan responded with great enthusiasm. If we leave it to the leadership-minded Yuki-chan, she might take a Rival route to hype up Filo-tan, just like the Ku-s from the First World did. With Sakura-chan and Yuki-chan, they won’t overshadow each other’s personalities.
I can see it… I can really see it. Gentle, soft-spoken Sakura-chan and Yuki-chan, with her crisp, crystal-clear voice, standing on stage in dazzling costumes… This is definitely going to work!
“What about Kou?”
“Can Kou wear an Idol outfit?　I think his outfit would be a flashier version of the dresses Yuki-chan and the others are wearing… Well, maybe it’d work if we go with a boy Idol concept?”
“Eh…”
Kou’s furrowing his brows. Midori was happy to wear it, but Kou seems to hate the idea. But don’t worry. With the money we earn from our idol activities, we’ll let Kou eat as much of his favorite food as he wants.
“We’ll mobilize all the Filolial-sama and go the idol route! My first Father sold merchandise that came with perks like handshake opportunities! Let’s take that as a model and sell our way through sheer numbers of Filolial-sama.”
Heh heh heh… Rival, you’re just one person after all, but we have countless Filolial-sama on our side. If we travel around Shieldfreeden together to maintain public order and boost food supply and demand, while simultaneously running the business that my Father taught me, the Dragon Cult will fade away easily. Plus, we can use a human wave tactic to flush out the Takt faction. It’s killing two birds with one stone.
“Filolial 49… is that what it’ll be like?”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“It’s the name of an idol group with a lot of members. In my world, there’s an idol famous for business tactics like handshake events. Everyone has their own tastes, after all. When there are so many of them, you’re bound to find an idol you really root for.”
Oh! That’s great! It’s perfect for Filolial-sama, who loves competing for speed.
Hmm? That reminds me of an incident I had with a pig who used to dream of becoming an idol. I recall meeting a few of them. There were pigs who gave up their dreams as soon as I threw some sweet words their way, pigs who worked even harder and became Idols… and even pigs who ventured overseas. Anyway, if I use my own unique presentation ideas like I did back then, I’m sure it’ll work out just fine!
“Do your best for Naofumi!”
Muuu! That’s right! Someday I’ll make you eat your words!
“No matter what the situation, as long as Lord Kitamura remains steadfast like that, I’m starting to think things will work out somehow.”
“Aren’t you just resigning yourself to defeat?”
“I think so too.”
Éclair and the others were saying things like that, but I’m ignoring them! It’ll take a little time to mobilize all of Filolial-sama’s forces, but we’ll make up for lost ground in no time! And so, we headed to Shieldfreeden to unveil our Rival.
---
So, having brought our Rival to Shieldfreeden, we summoned the city’s leadership and held a presentation for him. The councilor who had proposed that my Father should command dragons was the first to arrive, rushing in to bow to my Father at the meeting and take his seat. Gradually, the council members began gathering.
“Well then… based on the wishes of the Shield Heroes, I intend to restart the reforms of Shieldfreeden,”
the meeting began with those words.
“Shield Hero. I hear you’ve raised a dragon as proposed…”
The councilor who had proposed raising the dragon raised his hand, and after receiving approval, stood up to ask. Then Father nodded, but before he could answer, Rival raised his hand. That was a remarkably well-timed reaction.
“That’s me, Gaelion. I came here exactly as you proposed.”
While some council members looked on skeptically, the council member who had made the proposal nodded firmly.
“Takt’s dragon has often taken human form as well. Therefore, Gaelion, would you mind providing some proof that you are indeed a dragon?”
“Of course. Besides, it’s already been decided that I’ll give a presentation once this discussion is over.”
The Rival stood up and—flap!—spread his dragon wings to assert himself.
“I can’t be lumped in with small fry like Takt’s dragon. But pulling a stunt like this is a piece of cake for me.”
As if to show off, the Rival instantly transformed into a baby dragon and hovered above the conference room table. The councilor standing behind the one who made the proposal lets out a startled gasp.
What’s that about? Did Father really think he could show off by claiming he couldn’t recreate the dragon Takt used to keep? Too bad—Rival is actually a much trickier opponent than Takt’s dragon.
“I certainly understand. However, I wouldn’t exactly recommend taking on such a fragile form, would I?”
“I suppose there’s also the strategy of lulling the opponent into a false sense of security… After all…”
While still hovering in midair, the Rival closes his eyes for a moment, then glares intently at the assembly members. Ah, he’s radiating a certain killing intent. It has that unique aura characteristic of monsters.
“Guh…”
“Ugh…”
Struck by the killing intent Rival emitted, some of the council members began to groan. Quite a few of them turned pale. To be flustered by killing intent of this magnitude—it really shows their true caliber.
“Don’t underestimate a dragon… A true champion isn’t just one who puts on a brave front.”
His previous fawning tone faded away, and the Rival responded in a tone reminiscent of a parent. Though even that parent is a pathetic dragon, isn’t he? HAHAHA, it’s no use for a pathetic parent and child to try to act cool, is it?
“I’ll show my true form when the time is right. Is that acceptable?”
“Yes. If you can project that level of intimidation, I believe you’ll fully meet our expectations and live up to the faith of Shieldfreeden. We’ll lend our support, but please understand that this will be a long battle.”
The councilor who made the proposal replied without so much as a flicker of emotion.
“The human world is such a hassle.”
Putting aside his killing intent and letting out a slight sigh, Rival returned to human form and took his seat.
“If you’re not satisfied, I’ll take you on anytime. Come at me.”
Rival is beckoning me with a few casual gestures, as if to show how relaxed he is. He’s completely getting carried away. Do you really think you’ve become the champion just from spending a week hunting at sea with my father-in-law?
My father-in-law is the strongest! Next come me, Filo-tan, and my older sister. After that come Filolial-sama and the others—at best, you’ll be on the same level once Ren and Itsuki have been properly strengthened! Ugh… If my Father weren’t watching me, I’d have to call him out on this.
“Then… may I request a grand presentation to the people this afternoon, here in the capital of Shieldfreeden?”
“Of course. Let’s show them the divinity of Gaelion.”
“Thank you for your cooperation.”
And so, the meeting proceeded in an orderly fashion. As for the reforms we discussed last time, the consensus was that we couldn’t do anything without first gaining the people’s support. However, it seems the councilor who proposed the reforms had been laying the groundwork behind the scenes, and progress is reportedly being made on resolving the issue of vested interests—which had been a minor sticking point?
Incidentally, the presence of rivals caused such intense anxiety that several lawmakers fell ill during the meeting and had to leave their seats. Isn’t that a bit pathetic? Eventually, once the meeting had reached a natural break… presumably because preparations were complete, we moved outside the Shieldfreeden building.
“Whoa… there’s a huge gathering here.”
Looking outside the building, I could see a large crowd gathered beyond the iron fence. It felt like the scene in Japan when a massive crowd gathers in front of the National Diet Building. I don’t quite remember what the situation was like back then.
Ah, but I seem to recall that when I went abroad a long time ago, a pig who was acting like a princess gathered people like this to unite the country. …Come to think of it, I’ve actually encountered pigs who called themselves princesses a few times. I’d completely forgotten about that. Well, it’s a memory that doesn’t really matter.
“So, this is where Gaelion’s debut takes place.”
“Gaelion-chan, be careful.”
“I’ll be fine!”
And so, we stepped out into the garden with its great view and slowly walked up to the stage. Then my Father and Rival took the stage… and stood in front of the seats, ready to give a grand presentation. I watched my rival, who was getting a bit too full of himself, along with Sakura-chan and Filolial-sama, all of us gritting our teeth as we observed the scene.
“I am Naofumi Iwatani, the Shield Hero, here on an inspection visit from Siltvelt. People of Shieldfreeden. Over the past two weeks, I’ve had the opportunity to observe various aspects of your country’s internal affairs. And… to demonstrate here exactly what your country expects from the Shield Hero, and what I have been lacking… that is why I have arranged this gathering.”
With that, my Father paused for a moment before turning his gaze toward my Rival. As always, my Rival is exuding an air of a champion.
Don’t let him fool you, everyone!
Chapter 888 - The Spear Hero's Sniper Shot [2018/07/17 10:00]
“I am well aware that the demands from Schildwelt kept you awake night after night. As for what Siltvelt thinks of Shieldfreeden… well, while it recognizes them as victims exploited by the Takt faction—led by Nelshen, who served as your country’s representative—it’s also fair to say that the Takt faction’s influence still runs deep. To bring about that reform, I’d like to introduce the figure your country desires—the one I’ve been lacking—right here.”
As my Father spoke, my Rival materialized and gradually began to transform.
“GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!”
The Rival transforms while letting out an incredibly loud roar. It’s quite a sight, considering he usually changes form effortlessly, as if it were child’s play.
Eventually, he took on the form of a dragon—a design practiced in Siltvelt, featuring a white, divine appearance with red accents. The wings seem to incorporate a slightly bird-like design. That’s a privilege reserved for Filolial-sama! And what’s with the four wings, I ask? Using Magic to create a dramatic effect where light streams down from the sky—that’s way too over-the-top!
“Oh…”
I can hear the audience letting out gasps of admiration. Are they really being fooled by something this trivial? What a gullible bunch they are. Don’t let yourselves be fooled, everyone!
“I have come here in response to the call of the Shield Hero. My name is Gaelion. I have descended upon Shieldfreeden to atone for the sins committed by my foolish kin. I command the people of Shieldfreeden: The time has come to awaken from the curse of the Evil Dragon, who once served under Takt—that foolish, false hero!”
Rival spoke in a deep voice that echoed far and wide, seizing the moment. Then, sparks flew around Rival’s face.
I can see it, you know. There were guys sniping at him from a distance with firearms, trying to intercept Rival as he soared high through the air. The Father looked slightly concerned, but the Rival waved his hand, as if to say everything was fine.
“Don’t be ridiculous! None of us in Shieldfreeden would ever be deceived by a false god!”
I could hear such voices mingling among the crowd. Even for me, it’d be a real pain to pick out the guy who said that from the crowd. Is it around there? Well, I’m not going to step forward just because the Rival got sniped. But if my Father were the target, I’d destroy him on the spot.
“...Foolish. It seems I have no choice but to demonstrate my power. I’ll give you five seconds. If you beg for your life right now, I might just spare you.”
It feels off without that trademark drawl and flippant tone. The only image I can picture of you is fawning over Father—and inevitably failing. For the next five seconds or so, I heard gunshots ringing out repeatedly.
“I can’t have you underestimating my strength… From my perspective, even an attack from that ‘Spear Hero’ who startled you lot is a piece of cake.”
What did you say?! You said that! Well, then, I’ll show you! I’ll throw an Air Strike Javelin at you, disguised as a bullet. I shrank my spear down to the size of a toothpick before saying,
“Air Strike Javelin!”
“Wait—”
“Lame.”
Damn… Rival knocked it right out of the sky. The reason I lost was that disguising it prevented it from unleashing its full power. If I’d attacked in earnest, a rival like that would be nothing more than a pushover.
“Sigh… How lamentable. That those who worship such an evil dragon and a false hero are running rampant to this extent… And do you understand now? Even the Spear Hero cannot threaten me.”
I felt like all eyes were on me.
Are you trying to use me as a stepping stone?! I’ll unleash Brionac on you!
Just as I was about to say that, I sensed my Father giving me a warning look, so I held back. Damn youuuuuuu… you Rival!
“Then, die!”
“Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa――!?”
When my Rival snapped his fingers, the culprit in the audience and the sniper firing from afar both seemed to burst into flames. By the way, that “five-second grace period” is probably just the time the sniper needs to take aim. So there was never any grace period to begin with. Me? Haha, there’s no way I’d burst into flames from Magic this weak.
“Aaaaaaah!?”
“Ooooh!?”
Of course, since the guy who’d been firing his gun nonstop was in the center of the expanding circle, he was an easy target—but the sudden burst of flames seems to have thrown the surrounding audience into total chaos. Haha, it’s just Rival’s speech, after all. A total failure.
“Calm downnnnnnnnnnnnnn!”
At the Rival’s roar, the crowd—already in utter chaos—fell into a state of panic and froze in place. A wide-area binding Magic spell, I see. Sure, it managed to quell the physical chaos, but is this really for the best?
“What’s there to hesitate about? I’ve merely selected and judged those who worship a false god. They… have simply pulled the trigger themselves.”
It’s only natural that they get what they deserve. That just shows how much Father and Rival are in their way. I, too, find my rival’s presence a major nuisance.
“From now on, I will help Takt, Nelshen, and the people move away from the false freedom incited by the evil dragon Leirdia, and toward the true freedom that Shieldfreeden stands for from its very inception. “My fellow citizens… let us join forces and bring about a rebirth of our nation!”
The moment Rival declared this in a loud voice, the state of panic lifted, and sparse applause could be heard from among the citizens, who were staring up in astonishment. Gradually, the sound of the applause grew louder, and cheers erupted.
Ugh… I’m extremely dissatisfied, but it seems Rival’s speech was a success. Soon, Rival shifted form, landed in human form, and stood beside Father.
“Well then, people of Shieldfreeden, I look forward to working with you from now on. Not only will I eliminate the nation’s debt, but I also intend to fulfill my role as a hero by properly dealing with the waves… If you try to interfere, I think you’ve seen from this incident what will happen.”
My father added a slightly menacing edge to his voice at the end, then stepped down from the podium with Rival and returned to his seat. A murmur rose from the crowd—a sound that could be interpreted as confusion, couldn’t it? Paying no heed to it, we returned inside the building once more.
---
“Well then, Motoyasu-kun?”
My Father, wearing a smile that carried a spine-chilling aura, approached me. This aura—different from my Father in the first world—is sending chills down my spine. What does it remind me of…? Ah, I don’t know—it reminds me of the killing intent of that pig who stabbed me, and it’s terrifying. It’s similar to when Kou grinned and said he was going to eat Keel and Mole.
“W-What is it!?”
“You attacked by hiding among the bullets just because Gaelion-chan provoked you, didn’t you? I saw everything.”
Gulp!? Just as I thought, my Father saw me. Should I try to cover this up? No, I swore to Filo-chan that I’d live honestly, so I’ll tell the truth.
“I just returned the blow. My Rival is the one at fault.”
“Well, he provoked me, saying, ‘I bet the Spear Hero would do it.’ Now they’ll have to wonder if they should worship Gaelion—who can even drive back the Spear Hero, whom they considered a threat.”
My rival seizes the moment and says this with a sigh. I won’t forgive him for using me as a stepping stone!
“What were you planning to do if Motoyasu-kun had attacked you with everything he had, without taking his eyes off you?”
“I’d trained enough to be able to dodge it.”
“Don’t get too cocky! Father, if I’d gone all out, my Rival would be nothing but a pile of ashes by now!”
“I understand how you feel, but if he’d been reduced to ashes in that situation, it would’ve been a real problem…”
“The bad blood between Dragons and Filolials runs deep, doesn’t it?”
“Of course, there’s no doubt that Lord Kitamura’s actions were barbaric.”
Even the panda and Eclair are being incited! I’m not the bad guy here! I didn’t use enough force to kill anyone. It’s just a bit of harassment—no more than a pea shooter, really.
“My Rival is trying to frame me. Father, this is a conspiracy!”
“Yeah, yeah. Motoyasu, try to act your age, okay? And Gaelion, please don’t go provoking Motoyasu on the fly…”
“As long as the result’s okay, it’s fine!”
What do you mean, “as long as the result’s okay”?! Because of you, my position is in jeopardy!
“I wonder if this is really going to be okay… I’m getting even more anxious now.”
“It’ll be fine.”
“I can fully understand your anxiety, Lord Iwatani.”
“It really makes you worry about what’s to come, doesn’t it?”
“Ugh… I feel the same way as everyone else.”
All three Knights shared their thoughts on Rival’s speech. Ha ha! After all, that’s all Rival is worth! It’s practically their job to stoke everyone’s anxiety.
“By the way, Spear Hero,”
“What is it?”
“To cement Gaelion’s charisma, you need to mass-produce the bio-plant seeds you already have and send them over. Food, clothing, and shelter come first.”
Ugh… He’s just barging right into my achievements without a second thought. I’ve got to firmly assert my rights here. Otherwise, I’ll end up like Itsuki.
“This is the achievement of me, my Father, and Filolial-sama!”
“Oh, for heaven’s sake…”
“I suppose this is what they mean by ‘talking yourself into a corner.’”
“If you’ve got something that revolutionary, shouldn’t you just hand it over already?”
“Yes. I believe that would be for the good of the world, Spear Hero.”
“Motoyasu, is that okay with you?”
Since my Father is holding out his hand, I’ll reluctantly hand it over. I’ve already obtained and modified it, but I’m not happy about this. I was planning to give it to my Father later, when the need arose. After all, depending on how it’s used, it could become a dangerous item.
“Is this… the plant seed Motoyasu-kun mentioned when we were leveling up—the one I used for reform in the future?”
“That’s right! I retrieved it and modified it before my blunder happened! Let’s use this to show Father’s prestige to the whole world! ”
“Well, what we need to do right now is rebuild Shieldfreeden while rooting out the Takt faction… That said, even though we’ll ultimately credit Motoyasu-kun as the first discoverer, it seems we’d get more public support if we let the world think Gaelion-chan provided them.”
Is even my father saying things like that? Why on earth do we have to give the credit to some dragon? To hell with rationality!
“Exactly! We should reveal what the Spear Hero actually did once the results are in, but for now, we have to hold back.”
“Grrr… I’ll remember this!”
So, it seems I handed my Father a mass-produced batch of Bio-Plant seeds, and Rival will be traveling around various parts of Shieldfreeden giving speeches while carrying those seeds. As for my father, while he occasionally gives speeches alongside Rival as part of his official duties, the rest of the time he seems to be over in Siltvelt via the portal.
It’s going according to plan, but it’s still a bit surprising. It’s eerie to see that Rival not clinging to my father’s heels. No matter what anyone says, it seems we need to stay on our guard.
Don’t let anyone fool you!
As originally planned, I began my missionary work to spread the word of Filolial-sama in Shieldfreeden. Ah, as for the disturbances occurring around the world, they’re such trivial matters that there’s no need to even report them. For the most part, they were immediately quelled through the combined efforts of myself, Father, Éclair, and the others, with Filolial-sama’s cooperation.
Some time later. It seems a room was prepared for my rival at Shieldfreeden Castle, and a mountain of paperwork began piling up there. When I went to check on the situation with my Father, my rival was organizing the documents.
By the way, thanks to the bio-plant seeds I gave my rival, it seems the food shortage in Shieldfreeden is starting to improve. As a result, it seems his approval ratings have been rising now that people no longer have to worry about going hungry.
“Wow… that’s a mountain of paperwork.”
“Yeah… it keeps coming in day after day—I can’t believe they actually manage to keep up with it.”
It seems Rival’s voice has lost a bit of its vigor. Oh? The councilor who proposed the dragon to my Father is mingling among the paperwork, acting as if he were an aide.
“His Dragon Highness is reaching conclusions every day without sleeping.”
“Without sleeping!? Gaelion-chan, are you okay!?”
“This is nothing. If a dragon puts its mind to it, it can fight for years without sleeping…”
“Wait, aren’t you tired?”
“I’m fine. I’m doing all this for Naofumi.”
“Gaelion-chan…”
I get the feeling there’s some kind of strange tension hanging in the air between my Rival and my Father. My rival’s gaze is fixed on the paperwork, so he doesn’t seem to have noticed.
“The expenses here are off. Look into it. If anyone looks like they’re lining their own pockets under the guise of ‘humanity,’ deal with them immediately.”
“Yes. How should we handle this issue?”
“This one’s working too hard. If we don’t give them a break, they won’t last. It’s all about keeping them alive but not overworking them—that’s how you ensure a healthy, sustainable workflow. Or rather… the legacy of the previous leader has become toxic in so many ways that the whole system is falling apart.”
“I’m at a loss for words…”
The council member assisting her is apologizing. Well, it seems he’s doing what he’s supposed to. Just keep working like a slave, that’s the order.
“Gaelion-chan, are you really okay?”
“I told you, I’m fine. Since Gaelion can also use the power of a Demon Lord from another world, I’m having the monsters I’ve subjugated shoulder my fatigue, so I don’t get that tired.”
“Doing something like that… when did you…?”
“I made them my subordinates through a little serendipity while touring various parts of Shieldfreeden for my speeches. It’s the descent of the Demon King Gaelion, after all.”
“No, are you really okay? In every sense of the word?”
Just as she said that, her Rival was looking over some documents while cracking his neck.
Chapter 889 - The Four Heavenly Kings [2018/07/24 10:00]
"This is dangerous! The Demon King is going to take over the world!"
"I'm not interested. Gaelion may look down on people sometimes, but he’s not despairing.”
Damn it! Rival isn’t even looking at me! Aren’t you just a figurehead dragon, a mere decoration? When on earth did you acquire such skills? In the previous loop, you were just playing around saying “na na na”!
“Hmm… So you were someone like the Queen of Melromarc or Princess Melty. It feels like night and day compared to when you’re out hunting with Lord Iwatani.”
“I’m just drawing on the Dragon Emperor’s experiences—it’s not all Gaelion’s own experience, you know.”
“That may be true, but I still think it’s pretty impressive.”
“Thank you. Besides, these are the subordinates I gained as a result of being thanked for wiping out the griffins—the ones whose numbers had grown so large within the kingdom that they were causing trouble for the people and running amok as if the place belonged to them.”
Griffins… Come to think of it, they were under Takt’s command. That means those guys were getting preferential treatment for their own species, didn’t they? They’re a bunch who’re way too lenient with their own kind.
“Was there a problem like that?”
“Yes… It’s thought that Takt was involved in that sort of thing. There were definitely some among them who said things that pointed to it when we took them down, so there’s no doubt about it. Even though Takt is gone, they just won’t give up.”
“Come to think of it, Griffin was one of Takt’s crew, wasn’t he?”
“I heard the previous king was also killed a long time ago while inspecting the various nations. They say the princess was killed by the Spear Hero.”
Since this was my doing, I gave my Father a thumbs-up while flashing him a bright smile. My Father reacted as if he were used to this.
“...I seem to recall hearing something like that, Motoyasu-kun.”
“Did I?”
“Yeah. When you took down the Griffin in Takt, Motoyasu-kun, you said something like, ‘I’ll send it to the same place as its parent.’”
“Did I? Oh, was that during this loop? That’s the original Griffin Edge I gave to Éclair.”
Since I’ve been looping through all sorts of things, there’s a lot I’ve forgotten. There have been so many loops where I’ve taken down Griffins that I’d completely forgotten.
“Hey! What kind of junk are you handing me?!”
Éclair protested. Is there a problem? I was just lending you a handy tool.
“I’d really rather not be the target here. Could you step back a bit?”
“Lord Rasa, that’s not funny at all, even as a joke!”
“It’ll be fine, won’t it? I’m not taking any responsibility, though.”
“Seriously…”
“It’s just a griffin, after all. As long as Filolial-sama is here, that’s plenty.”
“After all, they’re just griffins. As long as we have a dragon, that’s enough.”
……My Rival and I said that almost at the same time. Why do I have to be in sync with you of all people!?
“You two just look like two peas in a pod… I guess you really do start to resemble each other when you loop?”
“That’s hurtful.”
“It is hurtful. I just taught those cocky guys a lesson and made them behave. This alone has improved life in Shieldfreeden, even if only slightly.”
“Hmm… I hope this doesn’t turn into an unnecessary commotion… Or rather, do the monsters know where the remaining Takt members are?”
“It seems ties with the Griffin faction have already been severed. I don’t know when we’ll be able to get in touch.”
“I see…”
“Boo.”
By the way, Filolial-sama and the others are traveling with us as well. Sakura-chan has been particularly grumpy lately. Even so, she seems to be enjoying herself while she’s with Father. Ugh… Sakura-chan is truly a sweet little thing.
“What’s wrong, Sakura-chan?”
“Gaelion said the other day that if Naofumi acts as his bodyguard, he’ll appoint him to the Four Heavenly Kings.”
Hey, what’s going on here?! This is the first I’ve heard of that!
“That’s right. Since Gaelion is entrusting Naofumi to me, I thought I’d appoint Sakura-chan as the Wind Four Heavenly King. I’ll bestow a little blessing upon her—with salt.”
“What are you planning to do to Sakura-chan?! Depending on your answer, I’ll kill you!”
“I’m just going to use technology from another world to give her a power-up that won’t conflict with her Filolial powers. It’s ‘Power-Up Sakura’—even the Spear Hero will be happy.”
“Don’t go doing something like that on your own!”
How dare you do such a thing! How do you plan to take responsibility if Sakura-chan catches some weird disease!
“If she adapts well, we might even be able to change her hair color to gold and her eye color to blue. The Spear Hero wanted her to be like that, didn’t he?”
“Ugh…”
Are you trying to make Sakura-chan more like Filo-tan through external factors!? Rival! What’s your objective here!? You’re fundamentally wrong to begin with.
“Sakura-chan is… Sakura-chan, after all!”
“The Spear Hero has a pretty troublesome personality, too…”
“Even so, she’s a good person at heart.”
“Of course. I’d be disappointed if anyone here actually agreed with that.”
What’s so disappointing about that? Disappointment is a trait unique to you dragons.
“Since there’s no helping it, I’ll just leave the blessing inactive for now.”
“Wait a minute! Have you already cast it!?”
“I’m just planting the seed while I’m setting up the Magic spell.”
“I’ll definitely kill you!”
“Um… it’s kind of scary to think that with Gaelion-chan around, that girl Filo might actually pull it off.”
“It could turn into an experiment, so I won’t do it without your approval.”
That goes without saying. You can’t trust dragons, after all.
“Um…”
At that point, the council member who had been pushing for the dragon initiative furrowed his brow deeply as he showed the documents to his Rival.
“Sigh…”
The Rival looked at the documents, sighed, and took a sip of the tea that had been served.
“What? Is something wrong?”
“No, I’m coming to the assembly, but a faction that refuses to recognize Gaelion and the others as new dragons has thrown a tough problem my way. I just looked at the progress report, saw the result I expected, and I’m just dumbfounded.”
“What kind of difficult issue is that?”
“It’s a problem in a poverty-stricken area within Shieldfreeden. This issue has been going on since way back, around the time Shieldfreeden was founded… It’s quite a complicated matter.”
“When you say a difficult issue in Shieldfreeden, you mean that one, don’t you…”
Panda furrows his brow as if he has an idea, muttering to himself. If even Lars-chan knows about it, does that mean it’s that well-known?
“Do you know about it too, Lars-chan? Is it really that famous?”
“Well, in Zeltoble, there are merchants who make a business out of that sort of thing. I’m sure even in Melromarc, the more lighthearted topics make their way around from time to time, don’t they?”
Panda glances at Éclair and tilts his head suggestively. Too bad! Éclair’s political acumen is pretty low! It’s a waste of time to expect anything from him.
“Hm?”
“The way I see it, you can’t pour water in until you plug the hole in the bottom. But even with those plant seeds, you still couldn’t do it?”
“If I could, I wouldn’t be here.”
“I see. Well, there’s nothing we can do about it, I guess…”
It seems my Rival and the panda are utterly exasperated.
“Hey, what’s this all about? Won’t you tell me?”
“Well then, let’s go over the facts… Even before the waves caused famines and droughts, there were already regions and countries suffering from famine.”
“Yeah. If we can operate this bio-plant correctly, there’s a good chance we can solve the famine problem, right? We figured that out after talking to people in both Siltvelt and Melromarc.”
My father replied, looking as if he had an idea what I was getting at. That’s right. In this world, there are places where the seasons and weather have been thrown into chaos by the waves, leading to frequent disasters like famines and droughts. But that’s just a matter of holding out until we overcome the final wave. Above all, it’s a problem that can be easily resolved by using the bio-plant to produce food.
Unfortunately, my rivals snatched the fame away from me, but I did receive words of praise from my Father. What a blessing!
“But you know… in countries where politics are corrupt, the higher-ups are thoroughly rotten. They collect taxes even when people can’t even afford tomorrow’s meal, and then call on other nations to provide food. They act all civilized even though they’re poor.”
“In a world like this, isn’t that basically like asking to be invaded?”
“It makes for an easy excuse to invade, too. ‘We’re at war because we have no food,’ they say.”
“Hmm…”
“Peace—that concept spread by the heroes of the past—is just that hard to maintain. And it was Shieldfreeden, a fairly powerful nation, that was providing aid to regions within its own borders struggling with poverty. They were making all sorts of appeals. ‘Let’s save those starving in poverty all over the world.’”
It sounds like a good story at first glance, but there’s something unsettling about it. I seem to recall hearing a similar story in Japan, too.
“Isn’t that a good thing? Foreign countries—and major powers, no less—are acting out of goodwill.”
“To a certain extent, yes. Things like improving roads or creating environments where people can learn—wherever improvements can be made, they’re made. But there are some people in this world who are just beyond help. The local nobility usually pockets a portion of the supplies sent to them before distributing the rest.”
“Ugh…”
Your father looks absolutely appalled. It’s certainly a terrible story—enough to make anyone recoil. Rival lets out a sigh right here.
“By the way, I recall that even after removing those nobles from office, stripping them of their privileges, and shifting the focus to reconstruction, it still didn’t work.”
“Oh? Have they already tried that?”
“I just remember hearing about that sort of problem in the world of *Wild Ofumi*, which has since become peaceful. To elaborate, after that noble pockets a portion, the next transport convoy pockets more, and then the guys who’ve staked a claim to the road take a cut as a toll—and this kind of back-and-forth keeps happening until the goods reach their destination.”
“……Wait a minute. How much is left by the time they actually reach their destination?”
Rival, Panda, and the Dragon Advocacy Representative all quickly looked away. It seems things have gotten pretty dire.
“Isn’t that putting the cart before the horse…? Then wouldn’t it be better for Gaelion-chan to go out there herself and distribute the food?”
“We did try that, but wasn’t it confiscated later?”
“Yes… In that region, along with the outdated belief that ‘face’ is everything, there’s a tendency to view any behavior that deviates from that belief with extreme hostility… Moreover, dangerous technologies like poisons and drugs have developed to a surprisingly advanced level.”
While places like Siltvelt and Shieldfreeden are all about brute force, in that region, face—or pride—is what matters most. If their face is lost, they’ll likely plot an assassination using underhanded schemes. Those kinds of people would probably mobilize the entire settlement to come and lynch us. I can tell those foolish lot think just like Takt—they’re all cut from the same cloth. HAHAHA, we’ll turn the tables on them!
“Oh, I see… Well then, all the more reason to make them plant and tend to the bio-plants, don’t you think?”
“If Gaelion’s memory serves me right, the day after they were planted, they were cut down, turned into firewood, and sold at the nearby market.”
“Yes. You understand perfectly…”
That’s actually pretty impressive. To eradicate something so troublesome that even my Father said it kept growing back no matter how many times you cut it down. It’s my fault—if I’d distributed them like I did to that village in the past, the Bio-Plants might not have run amok.
“If they’d just waited, everyone would have had enough to eat, but they prioritized short-term profits… It’s hopeless, isn’t it…”
“It’s too much of a challenge. I think it’s impossible, no matter how you look at it.”
“Of course. I’m pretty sure even that miser Takt left that area alone.”
So it’s that problem area where even Takt couldn’t find a way to make money? In a way, that’s impressive. It’s quite something that the Takt faction—which used “corporate slave drinks” to keep people in line and secretly eliminated anyone who disobeyed orders—wouldn’t touch it.
“According to Nelshen’s activity logs, it seems he went there a few times, but all that happened was that the local leader was replaced. I suppose Takt couldn’t carry out a full-scale purge because of the public backlash. There’s no financial incentive there, after all.”
I heard that foreign countries and major powers are providing food aid there. If they were to destroy a place like that, condemnation from neighboring nations would be inevitable. So it’s a troublesome area, including land that’s of no use whatsoever.
“As for what ‘Wild Ofumi’ was worried about regarding this issue—it wasn’t just that.”
Oh? Was my father worried about that in the first world? I can’t imagine my father, who makes decisions without hesitation, having that kind of weakness.
“Is there some other reason?”
“Was there something like that?”
“I’m not sure I agree with that ‘nothing matters except Filolial, the Spear Hero’ mentality… Don’t you remember that was one of the reasons your Filo went on tour to Shieldfreeden?”
“That’s not true at all! As far as I remember, Filo-chan’s live tour was a resounding success!”
The glorious image of Filo-chan still remains vivid in my mind. It’s the sight of Filo-chan, sparkling on stage, dancing and singing so adorably. Shieldfreeden? I couldn’t care less about that.
“Of course I was only watching Filo.”
“Well…”
“Yeah.”
“Hmm, no doubt about it. That’s exactly what I’d expect from Lord Kitamura.”
“I don’t quite follow the conversation, but I understand that part regarding the Spear Hero.”
My father—who looks a bit awkward—and the other two knights are all in agreement. I can’t quite wrap my head around Éclair’s look of understanding. I don’t need that kind of trust.
That’s not it at all! I’m just completely devoted to Filo-chan!
Chapter 890 - The Raccoon Problem [2018/07/31 10:00]
“Motoyasu-sama just doesn’t remember the unnecessary stuff! In fact, he’s teaching us some elegant choreography!”
“Yay!”
“Is this how it goes?”
Yuki-chan and the others recently danced behind me, performing the Idol dance moves I’ve been teaching them. They danced exactly as I’d shown them, and everyone’s eyes were glued to them. Even my father, who had looked exasperated, is now a little impressed by the high quality of everyone’s dancing.
“I’ve gone off on a tangent. We were talking about what caused Wild Ofumi to be troubled.”
“Come to think of it, Gaelion-chan did meet the version of me from the first world that Motoyasu-kun knows, didn’t she?”
“That’s right. Compared to the current Naofumi, he was wild—so he was ‘Wild Naofumi.’”
When my Rival said that, my Father’s spirits dropped. Did something happen?
“Ah… that’s the me who used to talk about ‘resources’ like a thief.”
“That’s right. The thief I took under my wing eventually made a name for himself as a Robin Hood-type, so you don’t need to worry about it too much.”
“I’m not so sure about that.”
“The issues with my family back home got resolved, and the Robin Hood-type thief didn’t seem to mind it all that much either. Since he’s the same Naofumi, I’d appreciate it if you didn’t think badly of him. Oh, I’ve gone off on a tangent again.”
“S-sorry.”
You’re constantly derailing the conversation and causing trouble for my Father! Serves you right!
“It’s fine, really. It makes me happy to be able to talk with Naofumi.”
“Gaelion-chan is such a nice person… I mean, dragon, right?”
Oh? That strange atmosphere from earlier is creeping back in.
“I’m glad to hear you say that.”
Rival doesn’t seem particularly bothered by it. Is work that busy for him? Well, I’m swamped preparing for the Idol activities of Filolial-sama and the others, too.
“To summarize it briefly, he was the right-hand man of Wild Ofumi, and it seems he was troubled because the original Raph and his kind were thought to be the same species as the Demi-Humans causing problems in this area.”
“So that means the right-hand man of the Shield Hero, whom the Spear Hero worships, is a Raccoon…”
The panda says this with a sigh. What’s going on here? Are you guys dissing the Older Sister? If you do that, she’ll crush you all. Who knows how many times I’ve been blown away during these loops? We absolutely mustn’t anger the Older Sister from the first world.
“The fact that they ultimately led the world to peace… well, you really managed to find a serious Raccoon-type, didn’t you?”
“Raccoon race?”
“Ah, the Raccoon race—among the Demi-Human races, their physical abilities are average, I suppose, but their reputation is pretty bad because of the infamy of that region in Shieldfreeden. They’re on the quiet side as children, but once they grow up, they tend to become hot-tempered and lazy. Since they aren’t exactly good-looking either, the overall reputation of the species isn’t great.”
You really know your way around races, Panda. However, I had no idea your sister’s race had such a bad reputation. She’s very serious and hardworking. She seems to devote herself to training whenever she finds a spare moment—she has the character befitting someone who walks beside my Father.
“To be precise, the raccoon who served as Naofumi’s right-hand man belongs to a closely related species of raccoon, so a monster like Gaelion could tell at a glance that it’s different.”
“Oh, really?”
“To begin with, the raccoon in question is a particularly distinct subspecies even within the broader ‘raccoon’ category. It’s different from the main raccoon species, but it’s still generally treated as a raccoon.”
I don’t quite understand. But since there are so many different types of Filolial-sama, I can see why there might be variations within my sister’s species, the raccoons. In short, it’s probably like the Raccoon-type Shieldfreeden.
“So they’re a race that looks similar but is actually different? Come to think of it… there are quite a few cases where species are initially thought to be the same but turn out to be different upon closer inspection, aren’t there?”
You’re talking about Earth’s creatures, aren’t you?
“Exactly. But that fact won’t be confirmed until after the problem is solved.”
“So, can Lord Dragon, the representative of the Shieldfreeden, tell the difference between a Raccoon and a Lafu?”
“Of course. After all, the difference between a Lafu and a Raccoon is that Gaelion’s eyes make the tail look striped. Humans apparently can’t tell the difference, but a Lafu doesn’t have stripes.”
“……Huh? Raph…… Judging by Gaelion-chan’s appearance, it sounds kind of like a cross between a tanuki and a raccoon……? Based on that logic, I get the feeling that lesser panda Demi-Humans might also be classified as part of the raccoon species.”
It does seem like they look similar, at least on the surface. I feel like I’ve seen something like that in kids’ anime, too. I remember a character who was called a tanuki but had a striped tail. So that wasn’t the same thing, was it?
“To summarize, it seems there are three types: the girl who was my right-hand woman in the first world, the Raccoon species, and this Raccoon species we’re dealing with now?”
“That’s right. The latter two are a bit hard to tell apart, but you’ll learn to distinguish them by their facial features and personalities.”
I can tell the different types of Filolial-sama, so I get it. I used to be able to tell foreign pigs apart too, but I’m not so sure about that anymore.
“Shouldn’t we recruit that girl who was my right-hand person?”
“Ah… Naofumi, I’d really prefer if you didn’t ask Gaelion to explain that. It’s not that Gaelion is prejudiced, but based on what we know from the loops so far… it’s a bit tricky.”
My Rival hedged his words. Well, it’s true that meeting my Older Sister in this loop would be difficult. If we could go back even further in time, it would be certain, but…
“Can’t we save her?”
My Father, having sensed the situation, asked with concern.
“It’s too late. By the time the Spear Hero arrived in this loop, we didn’t know her whereabouts, and by the time he returned, it would already be too late. It’s not the Spear Hero’s fault, you know.”
W-what……? It’s creepy that my rival is defending me for some reason! I do think it’s probably too late to save my sister in this loop, but there’s no reason for you to take my side. What on earth are you up to!?
“I see…”
“But there are some people I’ve already managed to save in this loop.”
“Oh, really?”
“In the world where Gaelion and Naofumi first met, the female knight there died in prison.”
That did happen, didn’t it? When we returned from Cal Mira Island, there was a grand funeral being held. That should have been the world right after this loop.
“Me?”
“Huh? Does Éclair-san die if she doesn’t meet the conditions?”
Hmm, I’m not so sure. Since she’s safe in the first world, it actually seems more unusual for her to die.
“Éclair, just as your Father advised in this loop, the only reason she died was because she got too close to the first world.”
“Iwatani!?”
“Wait a second! That’s not what I meant! Please don’t phrase it in a way that could be misunderstood!”
Oh? Did I phrase that wrong? Still, Éclair is alive in every world except that one. In other words, the problem must lie with Éclair’s resilience.
“Éclair, it’s your fault for being so weak that you die just from being tortured for so long.”
“Well, wouldn’t you die if you were tortured for that long?”
“It’s your fault for not breaking out of prison.”
“You rephrased that… um, is it something like, ‘If I rescue Ms. Eclair, she won’t agree to stay in Melromarc,’ or something like that?”
“That’s right. I left him alone in the first world because he was alive, but he ended up dying.”
“……”
The mood has turned rather gloomy. I’d better lighten things up a bit.
“According to Father’s analysis of the next loop, it seems the cause was doing too many good deeds. Éclair, don’t worry—I took you with me in the world after that.”
“That doesn’t exactly put my mind at ease, though… No, right now, my misfortune in another world doesn’t really matter.”
Éclair looked like she wanted to say something, but she seemed to accept it.
“So, I think it’s best not to take ‘Wild Ofumi’ as too much of a role model.”
“Yeah… I know, but if I can help, I want to…”
“The others’ livelihoods are surely guaranteed thanks to the Queen and others’ efforts. I’ve seen in previous loops that they’re capable enough to handle that much. Gaelion will offer some advice, too. You can rest assured that Ofumi in this loop will protect the world. That should also be the wish of the companions in Wild Ofumi’s world.”
Rival said this as if to cheer up her dejected Father. Then, Rival turned her attention to the councilor who had championed the dragon.
“Did you make sure to prove beyond a doubt that supplies were distributed fairly to the surrounding areas, and use that to your advantage?”
“Yes.”
“Then, next comes the starvation tactic. When they go out to plunder neighboring settlements and towns, you’ll suppress them, establish a solid justification, enslave them, and issue forced orders.”
The Rival then explained the plan in detail. First, plant bio-plant seeds evenly throughout the surrounding areas to provide food supplies. Based on this, the people of the region would be instructed to maintain public order and ensure the safety of their daily lives, and to work diligently. If anyone failed to comply and attempted to raid other settlements, they would be caught in the act, arrested, enslaved as a serious criminal, and forced to perform various tasks. After all, criminals must be punished appropriately.
“They’ll definitely try to elicit sympathy by using children as a ploy. They’re scoundrels who use starving children as a shield, even though they’re well-fed themselves.”
“You mean if they get caught, they’ll try to escape punishment by using the children as an excuse? That’s…”
“It’s a common ploy used by those struggling in poverty… but given the prior information that they’ve already sold that plant as firewood…”
I can only say they’ve brought this upon themselves. They’re a hopeless bunch. And to think they’re pretending to be relatives of your sister… Wouldn’t it be best to dispose of them immediately?
“If even Takt, that miser, can’t handle them… that’s terrifying.”
They’re a tough bunch in more ways than one. …Come to think of it, I seem to recall hearing from the villagers that when my Father was developing the village, some people showed up claiming to be relatives of your sister, only to be gently turned away by your Older Sister. I heard that a very small number of serious-minded people moved to the neighboring town ruled by my Finacée… Could it be that they came here after hearing about my Father’s great achievements?
“If I recall correctly, according to that ‘Wild Ofumi’ story, she said they were a completely different level of evil compared to the people from Melromarc’s neighboring country who were struggling to find food during a famine.”
Ah, come to think of it, I heard that story too. Not only was it a play performed by Keel or someone like that, but it also came up in the next loop of this world.
“Those are the people who snuck into Melromarc trying to get food through barter, aren’t they? That approach is certainly more sensible.”
“They cut down their own food sources, then go and steal when they’re in a bind, and if they get caught, they use their children as a shield to escape punishment… They really can’t be compared to people who sneak in to buy food through barter…”
“Well, I suppose they’re bad, but…” Father is feeling sympathetic. My father is racking his brains over this.
“So, we must prioritize the children’s lives by protecting them from abuse, while simultaneously separating them from their foolish parents to prioritize their education. If they refuse to listen, return them to where they came from on bail; if they commit the same crimes as their parents, impose the same punishment and order them to work diligently.”
I hear the bonds of the slave mark are quite grueling. I suppose that means slackers can’t defy it. But if they slack off even then… death awaits them.
“Children become parents, bear children, enslave them, and devour aid supplies without working a day in their lives. It’s time to break this vicious cycle.”
“As you command… This wouldn’t have been possible if Shieldfreeden hadn’t been defeated by Siltvelt. After all, slavery used to be prohibited in this country.”
Ah, so Shieldfreeden had abolished slavery—at least in name, right? Since they lost the war and became a vassal state, Siltvelt’s laws now apply, I suppose. It’s all about how you go about things, isn’t it?
“Wait—is that what I did in the first world?”
“Wild Ofumi did have some concerns about matters other than Raph, but she didn’t get directly involved. It was the royal family of Melromarc, who had been entrusted with authority by Naofumi, who got involved. Since they were entrusted with governing the world, it couldn’t be helped.”
“Melromarc, you say…”
Éclair seems rather dumbfounded. Is there something odd about Melromarc doing that? Since they’re running a nation, I don’t think it’s strange for them to go that far.
“It’s become quite a chaotic world—one we could never have imagined.”
“It doesn’t sound like a very good story, though…”
“Well, at least this has resolved the issues in Wild Ofumi’s world. If you don’t let the pus drain out, the wound will never heal. This is a difficult problem that must be tackled, even if it means resorting to harsh measures.”
“It sounds like you’re just looking for an excuse to justify it…”
Politics and all that—it’s such a hassle. I hate it. If everyone just came to see the concert, their hearts would surely be united, you know.
“There’s nothing we can do about people starving after cutting down their own bio-plants, so as for those who shield the barbarians raiding other settlements, we’ll just send those barbarians their way. If you’re going to criticize us, then take care of them yourself.”
“Well… by my world’s standards, this logic seems completely flawed, but I guess this is how things work in this world…”
“After that, Gaelion, Naofumi, and the Spear Hero will pretty much wrap things up by playing the victim and preaching justice.”
And just like that, the intractable problems in the troubled region were resolved exactly as the Rival had ordered. But man, these guys are something else. Apparently, on the third day after my rival gave the order, they started raiding a nearby settlement.
It seems the people involved had deep-rooted connections, but since the Takt faction had disappeared, they were already a bit unstable, so we managed to successfully root them out—or so the story goes? I’m not really sure what my rival actually did. From what I’ve heard, the people who were secretly pulling the strings behind the scenes to aid the problematic raccoon species were hit by a series of misfortunes, like monster attacks and other disasters happening around them.
However, for a while, there were ongoing issues—including poisoned meals during diplomatic meetings in Shieldfreeden, where I was present, and explosives planted by people not affiliated with the Takt faction. My rival claimed these were people trying to eliminate him because he was a nuisance, but even that died down after a while. My rival had been tracking down and meeting with monster merchants in the Shieldfreeden area—I wonder if there’s some connection there?
As it turned out, I’ve been hearing that since my rival took office, public safety and financial resources in Shieldfreeden have gradually improved—a situation that has become increasingly infuriating.
Chapter 891 - Office [2018/08/07 10:00]
This was back when my rivals were scrambling to boost Shieldfreeden’s approval ratings.
“Father, you’re here.”
My father and the others came to my agency, where I’m running an idol group featuring Filolial-sama and the others. Panda and Elephant are already checking the venue to see if anyone’s set up any traps.
“I didn’t really pay much attention when we passed by in the carriage… but Shieldfreeden’s urban areas really do resemble the big cities of the world I know. The streets look like those in foreign movies, and if it weren’t for the mix of Demi-Humans and Beastmen, there are times I almost forget I’m in a different world.”
“That’s certainly true.”
Compared to Faubrey or Zeltoble, the townscape is a bit of a knockoff, but it certainly has its authentic moments. That’s precisely why I set up my agency here.
Based on my experiences with those pigs who aspired to be Idols, agencies were often established in places like this, so there must have been a reason. After all, there were a few of those pigs who achieved huge success.
Well then, it’s time to show that I’m more capable than my rivals. Let’s leave the weird national politics to the lawmakers—we just need to win the people’s support as Idols! Now that I have no rivals, it’s time to show my Father what I’m made of! By the way, the Filolial-sama members—including Yuki-chan and Sakura-chan—should already be rehearsing on stage by now.
“Lord Kitamura, you’ve chosen a rather unusual place as your base, haven’t you?”
Éclair says this as she looks at the building—if you can even call it that—where my agency is located. There were similar stone buildings along the way to Siltvelt, but this one is certainly more modern. That’s because Shieldfreeden has building materials that resemble concrete.
It’s definitely a skyscraper. At night, there are even streetlights illuminated by Magic—it’s practically a makeshift city. Flashy signs have already been put up, too!
“By the way… where are Yuki and the others?”
“Yuki-chan and the others are still practicing, so I’d like you to come up to the office.”
I guided my Father and the others up the building’s stairs and led them to the office on the second floor.
“The first floor looked like a carriage parking lot… but the second floor is the office, huh? It kind of feels like a detective’s office for kids or something.”
“This is where we talk to people who want to partner with us in our Idol business.”
“Oh, is that so? Then maybe the third floor?”
I led my father up to the third floor. The room is stacked with all kinds of costumes. There are also various props stored here to match our different performances.
“This is a spare storage room for the stage costumes I made for the Filolial-sama. It doubles as a dressing room, so they can change at any time.”
“Huh… there are instruments here, too.”
“Idols and singing go hand in hand, you know. We need these to prepare a variety of songs.”
“I thought Gaelion-chan was amazing, but Motoyasu-kun is really putting in a lot of effort, too.”
“If you’d like, why don’t you change into a costume and sing with us?”
I’ve even recreated the look of the armor your Father wore in the first world. I made it based on my memories, in case it might be used in the Filolial-sama’s musical.
“Well, I’m fine with it… but it’s nice how it feels like a collection of all the things Motoyasu-kun likes.”
“I’m glad to hear that!”
“Oh, so there are wigs too?”
“We have every color imaginable. Some Filolial-samas like to add highlights, and others like to wear colored contact lenses.”
There are a few Filolial-samas like Kuro-chan. That’s part of their individuality, and it’s wonderful.
“Hmm… You really are quite knowledgeable, Motoyasu-kun.”
“I did a lot of different things back in middle and high school. Ah, come to think of it, I switched to my current hairstyle when I started college to change up my image, but I used to have a hairstyle like this.”
I prepare a wig that’s the same color as my natural hair, with slightly longer bangs, and I tie my hair back so it’s not visible from the outside before putting it on. It makes my eyes look a bit darker, but that’s how I used to look back in middle and high school.
“Whoa! What is this!? You seriously look like one of those plain, unassuming protagonists from a gal game where you can’t even see their eyes!?　What’s going on!?”
My father approached me with more excitement than I’ve ever seen before and stared at me intently. Hehe, I get embarrassed when people look at me like that.
“Whoa! So this is what it looked like back then… When I take a close look, I can tell Motoyasu-kun is actually handsome… I see… So that’s the appeal of that kind of protagonist—that they’re actually handsome underneath it all.”
My Father is nodding repeatedly, sounding really impressed. It’s been a while since I’ve been complimented like this, so I’m feeling pretty proud of myself.
“Mr. Iwatani, why are you getting so excited just by looking at Mr. Kitamura?”
“Huh? I mean, wouldn’t even Eclair-san be surprised? These days, Motoyasu-kun’s good looks are so well-hidden that it’s hard to tell at a glance, right?”
“True enough. In terms of disguise, Kitamura-sama is quite skilled. If you look closely at his face, you can tell it’s him, but…”
“I suppose only those in the know can really relate to this… It’s a complicated feeling.”
Father muttered, looking slightly flustered.
“I think there’s no doubt he’s become less conspicuous.”
“That’s not quite what I meant… but never mind.”
“We even have school uniforms, you know?”
I’ve even recreated the school uniform from the school I used to attend. I wanted to dress Filolial-sama in the clothes from her school days, so I recreated them based on my memories. The only regret is that the girls’ uniform was worn by a pig.
“At this point, it’s practically cosplay, but when I think of it as the uniform from the school Motoyasu-kun attended, I can’t help but feel moved… I’m actually a little jealous.”
“Most of the students there were pigs, so the uniforms never really looked their best.”
Looking back, it was a pretty creepy place. And even then, my student life there was on the better side—I only lasted three months. I was forced to transfer schools for various reasons. Especially during high school. I never got bored, but it was a hectic youth. So I actually have a few different kinds of school uniforms.
“……I kind of want to visit Japan where Motoyasu-kun was, but I’m afraid people there would just see me as one of the background characters……”
“Mr. Iwatani?”
Éclair tilts her head and addresses her father.
“Father, there’s a pig here, you know? Who are you hoping will take a look at it?”
“Ah, yeah… I guess that’s how it is with Motoyasu. It’s like… a dreamlike world… that slams me back into reality, I suppose.”
“Do you want to fall in love, Mr. Iwatani? I’m sure you have plenty of suitors, but all I can say is… well, I’m sorry, but I can’t really give you any advice on who to fall for.”
“Yeah… it’s a little hard to be pitied. It’s okay, everyone’s here. I just thought Motoyasu-kun’s world would be pretty tough for me.”
It’s a world full of pigs, after all. I definitely don’t want to go back there. My world is here—this world where Filo-tan and Filolial-sama are.
“So, Motoyasu-kun, I get that this is the office, but where are Sakura-chan and the others?　At a nearby venue or something?”
“It’s over here.”
I’ll lead my father down the stairs to the basement of the building. We’ve set up lighting and a stage down there. Since we’re accommodating the Demi-Humans and Beastmen in Shieldfreeden, we made the stairs extra wide—even an elephant could walk down them. By the way, it looks like the pandas are checking guests’ belongings at the entrance. You never know—there might be some scoundrels out there looking to cause trouble for the Idols. The room is intentionally kept a bit dim, and the stage is set up quite high.
“Well then, Father, please wait here for a moment.”
“Uh… I’m starting to feel a little uneasy, but okay.”
I leave my father and the others there and head to the preparation room behind the stage.
“You should project your voice further. Like this—”
It looks like Zou is holding a conductor’s baton and leading the Filolial-sama in some sort of vocal warm-up. Though his voice is low, it resonates like that of an opera singer.
“Whoa!”
“That’s amazing!”
“Like this?”
The Filolial-sama are following along, replicating the vocalizations Zou has instructed them to make.
“That’s it, that’s it. Good job, good job. If you can do that, everyone will be able to sing even better.”
“Yay!”
The audience is already starting to gather, after all. Selling merchandise is an ironclad rule! I gained a lot of popularity with this in the first world, too! It’s only a matter of time before the Top Ten Members of the Filo Fan Club gather in this loop as well.
“Lord Motoyasu! How’s it going? How did the choreography practice with Sakura go?”
Yuki-chan is dancing very rhythmically, sticking perfectly to the choreography I showed her. That dazzling, sparkling atmosphere is truly idol-like.
“Spot on! Count on you again today!”
“Yes, ma’am!”
“Come on, everyone! My Father is here! Let’s get ready just as we planned! Showtime is fast approaching!”
“‘‘‘Okay!’’’”
And with that, the performance begins. I’ll start playing my instrument from the back of the stage.
“Ah, Naofumi.”
Sakura-chan notices my Father and goes over to him. She’s wearing a costume modeled after the one Filo-tan was wearing. Though I feel like it doesn’t quite suit Sakura-chan’s vibe. Let’s just go with it!
And so, accompanied by the music we created, the fun show began with the Filolial-sama singing and dancing. For the main act, Yuki-chan and Sakura-chan start dancing just as we’d rehearsed. Sakura-chan is a bit behind, but we’re not going to let that bother us—we’re prioritizing having fun.
Soon, the Filolial-sama ladies, who had been serving as backup dancers, took turns singing, and the show really started to heat up. The audience happily waved their glow sticks along with the music.
“L・O・V・E. Love!”
The audience joined in on the fan choreography I’d had them learn, and the entire venue became one. Eventually… the hour-long show came to an end.
After the fans’ clapping and cheers died down—clap, clap, clap—the performance ended for the time being, the stage curtain fell, and the audience began to leave. After a short intermission, the show would resume in a few hours.
“What did you think?”
I asked Father and the Éclairs. I think it was a great show.
“Yeah. I think everyone’s singing and dancing were top-notch.”
All right, then. That’s high praise indeed.
“But…”
Father looked slightly troubled, as if choosing his words carefully. Was something wrong?
“Why an underground stage? There don’t seem to be as many people as I expected… though there do seem to be some die-hard fans.”
“Everything starts in a place like this, and this will become a sacred venue for Filolial-sama and the others’ live performances.”
“Hmm…”
Father’s reaction seems a bit lackluster.
“Is that because it’s backed by Motoyasu-kun’s experience?”
“That’s right. We’re drawing inspiration from people like Buta, who was an Idol in Japan before coming to this world.”
Even if we’re using Filo’s concert tour as a reference, I know full well that those shows had to be held in situations where everyone was already aware of the situation. So, starting with shows like this—where those in the know will appreciate them—we’re aiming to expand nationwide. In short, it’s all about cutting our teeth.
“There’s no other way to put it—they’re just underground Idols…”
My Father said this in a rather gloomy tone, resting his knees and both hands on the ground. Did I say something wrong?!
“I’m sure they’re trying their best not to lose to Gaelion-chan, but they’re falling short in terms of scale…”
“This is her home turf! The ultimate shortcut to boosting Filolial-sama’s popularity is to gather devoted followers first, then let word of mouth spread her fame! Fan service is key.”
“I’m sure Motoyasu-kun was taking cues from idol-style heroines and handling things well… but I’m starting to feel really anxious.”
My Father gave me a suspicious look, as if wondering if I was just cheering her on or providing emotional support. I’d love to cast aside my memories of that pig, but that pig put on a show like this, and it drew a massive crowd! In the end, we secured a massive venue and achieved a huge success! The number of customers here will increase in no time! This is just how it goes at the beginning! Eventually, admission tickets will become highly sought after!
“I don’t really understand the point of a place like this… but is it no good?”
Éclair said, without really understanding.
Chapter 892 - Mixed Race [2018/08/14 10:00]
"Even from my perspective as a popular gladiator at the Zeltoble Colosseum, I don't think this is going to work."
"Um... Everyone, including Kou-san, is really motivated, but... I think we'd be better off changing our approach a little."
You said that without even knowing about Panda and Zou! If it’s an easy place like Zeltoble, even I could become popular! I’m Quay! I’m Brum Brum!
“In that case, let’s slip my ‘Drive Mode’ into the show and really make a big splash.”
“No, please spare me that.”
My Father just shot that down! I’m absolutely not wrong here!
“We’ll turn this place into a fan sanctuary and use it as a base to build our popularity. With Sakura-chan—aka Filo-tan, who was a super-popular idol—and Yuki-chan, who’s just as good, people will naturally flock here!”
“Yeah, I agree with that, but… how should I put it? I think these kinds of underground idols only work because idol culture is already well-established.”
Hmm? It’s true—since this is another world, idol culture is still pretty niche here. But precisely because it’s niche, we’re in the process of building it up step by step.
“So… let’s see. Motoyasu-kun, it’s great that you’re putting on shows here every day, but could I borrow some of the Filolials who have free time? I’d like to help out, too.”
What?! Is my father going to help us out!? That’s worth a hundred men! Hehehe… Rival, it seems my father has seen potential in our side. My victory is practically a sure thing!
“Of course, that’s fine.”
“Thanks. So, all you Filolial-samas who aren’t participating in the show—”
“What’s up?”
The Filolial-samas who were here to hang out gather around with Sakura-chan at my Father’s call. Hold on a second. I was planning to have Sakura-chan take the center stage, wasn’t I?
“Everyone, you can go anywhere—a tavern or whatever—and sing or collect songs as you like. But at the end, I want you to go back and tell everyone that we’re all having fun singing and dancing right here. And not just in Shieldfreeden, but all over the world.”
“‘Hmm?’”
“Have fun at the tavern! Sing and dance anytime!”
“Wow! That sounds fun! I want to try it!”
“You might get some harsh comments sometimes, but keep at it anyway. When everyone’s having fun singing, it makes me and Motoyasu-kun happy, too.”
“Got it!”
“Well then, we’re off!”
“Have a good trip!”
Heeding my father-in-law’s request, Filolial-sama and the others set off together. Hmm, publicity, I see. Certainly, once we’ve established a base, we’ll need to get the word out. According to my father-in-law, it also serves as a way to gather intelligence or something like that. Right now, we need any information we can get on the Takt faction, which is still lying low.
“Hey, Hermelo, what did you think of Kou’s dance?”
“I thought it was great.”
“Let’s sing and dance together next time.”
“Sure, let’s hang out when you’re free from guarding the Shield Hero.”
Kou was cheerfully making plans to hang out with Zou. That’s how I was able to show off the venue I organized to my Father. Slowly but surely, just as originally planned, the number of customers is increasing day by day. It seems my prediction wasn’t off the mark after all.
However… what I’m not happy about is that the merchandise modeled after Yuki-chan and Sakura-chan isn’t selling very well, while the items that closely resemble Filolial-sama—who’s been out and about—are flying off the shelves. It looks like I’ll need to secure a larger venue and put on a show featuring my new songs.
……Huh? I feel like my first Father from the other world is saying something in my head.
Is being skilled a given? Is there another element needed?
Hahaha! That’s all solved by Yuki-chan and Sakura-chan’s charm! I thought my father from the first world struck a pose similar to the one from earlier, but I’m sure it was just my imagination! That’s how smoothly the Idol business is going!
---
It was time for the second wave of Melromarc, and at the Queen’s request, we, as allies, swiftly resolved the threat. It’s over in a flash just with me and Filolial-sama and the others fighting.
However, in the previous loop, Takt got a little carried away and showed up. I thought there might be some kind of trap set up, but there was nothing in particular. There wasn’t even any need to trouble my father-in-law and the others.
That said, my father-in-law and the others are participating in the wave under the pretext of “cooperation.” So are our Rival forces. You, just stay in Shieldfreeden and keep an eye on the nobles’ moods. The Siltvelt wave is already approaching—it’ll be here in about half a month.
“Want to go visit Naofumimel-chan?”
“Sure, go ahead. I haven’t really been able to see Sakura-chan much lately since she’s been working as an Idol.”
“Singing is so much fun! Maybe Mel-chan should try it too?”
“I don’t think Melty-chan would actually become an Idol, though.”
“In Ofumi’s wild world, she used to perform with Filo sometimes.”
“Huh? Really?”
Father tilts his head slightly as he asks for clarification about the Rival. That’s right—she did. My Finacée, that is. In fact, he was practically acting as Filo-tan’s manager. He’d play backup or sing along—apparently, it was good for “diplomatic relations.” I can play, too, you know!
“But, you know… it might be okay if we did it at Melromarc, but it’s probably impossible at Shieldfreeden right now.”
“Is that so? Well then, Sakura, I want to be an Idol here too so I can sing with Mel-chan.”
“I guess that depends on Motoyasu-kun.”
“Motoyasu, Sakura wants to be an Idol with Mel-chan.”
Guh… How am I supposed to answer this? Sakura-chan is currently an Idol paired with Yuki-chan. Breaking up the duo would be unfair to Yuki-chan. To begin with, we absolutely can’t afford to lose either Yuki-chan or Sakura-chan—they’re our main Idols.
“Motoyasu-kun, I personally think it’s a good idea.”
“What does Yuki-chan think?”
“Yuki?”
In response to my question, Yuki-chan seems a bit troubled as she rests her index finger on her cheek and thinks it over.
“It’s probably not a good idea to stray too far from our base of operations. It also depends on whether Melty-chan will accept the offer in the first place. Personally, I don’t think it’s a bad idea to give it a try.”
“Honestly, Yuki, I think you’d gain more popularity by participating in the Filolial Race than by being an idol.”
Our rival is seizing this opportunity to try and get Yuki-chan to retire from being an idol! That won’t do.
“I won’t let you have your way! Yuki-chan is a wonderful idol, after all!”
“The Filolial Race… It’s a bit unpleasant coming from a dragon, but it does have a sweet ring to it, doesn’t it? I wonder what it’s all about.”
“Oh? Are you interested in the Filolial Race?”
The panda, sensing his chance, flashes a gleam in his eyes and strides right in between them. What’s he up to?
“Lasa…”
Zou warns her in a tone of resignation.
“I do know what sort of thing it is… but it certainly sounds like something Lord Rasa would enjoy.”
Éclair replies with a sigh of her own.
“Just from the name, I can tell it’s something like a horse race where the Filolials compete.”
“Yuki’s a thoroughbred. Gaelion knows she’s an elite runner, born to race. I think she’s even better than an Idol.”
“I object to being recommended by a dragon! But I do like to run!”
“Hmm… I get why Motoyasu-kun’s favorites are Yuki-chan and Sakura-chan, though…”
“Is there a problem with that!?”
My Father turned to me, deep in thought. This exchange sounds familiar. It’s the proposal for the “Eternal Filo-tan Plan” we came up with when we were trying to bring back our Rival. We haven’t made any progress, but we haven’t given up yet. Will my Father come up with another brilliant idea this time?
“To take Yuki-chan’s career as an idol to the next level—I’m not sure if she qualifies as a Shieldfreeden, but—if she competes in the Filolial Race to boost her popularity, couldn’t she gain more devoted fans from among the Filolial Race audience?”
Wow! That’s definitely a viable option. As expected of my Father—he always gives us such great advice.
“Gaelion, why don’t you try talking to Shieldfreeden? Since this is a project that’ll squeeze money out of those tight-fisted folks, it’s not a bad idea.”
“Rival! I won’t let you have your way!”
“If the Filolial of the Spear Hero takes first place, wouldn’t singing on the podium boost their popularity? It’s all for Naofumi’s sake, after all.”
Guh… That Rival is spouting nonsense! If he says it’s for my Father, I won’t be able to refuse.
“You’re going to keep it a secret that Filolial from the Spear Hero’s stable is especially fast, right?”
Panda’s asking with eyes wide open. He’s probably planning to bet on Yuki-chan and rake in a fortune anyway.
“I think the bigger the surprise, the better. To begin with, even if people hear that the Filolial was raised by the Hero, it’s doubtful she’ll become popular right away, so wouldn’t betting on her for the first few races be a sure win?”
“I’d definitely love to see that happen. Bets where you’re guaranteed to win aren’t much fun, but it’d be nice to cash in on the first few races.”
Apparently, the thrill of gambling—and the possibility of losing—is what makes it fun. But Panda, in your case, it’s written all over your face that it’s more about the money than the fun.
“Hmm… Well, operators like that are basically putting money on the line with the conviction that the horse they’ve raised will win… So maybe it’s okay… but are you sure it’ll be all right?”
“No matter what you do, if you succeed, enemies will inevitably appear. Wild Ofumi had come to terms with that.”
“Well, I guess so…”
“Gambling… I can understand it as a pastime for the nobility, but isn’t this more like some kind of under-the-table deal?”
Éclair furrows her brow and warns Panda and Rival.
“It wouldn’t be good if we were colluding with the other runners, but we’re just doing our best.”
“Hmm… Well, maybe that’s okay then. Though it does make me a bit suspicious that the organizer already knows who’s going to win.”
“I’ll discuss that with the shadowy figures in Shieldfreeden and try to work something out.”
Rival flashes a slightly sinister smile at Yuki-chan right then. Every single one of them is so greedy—all they care about is money, money, money. You should follow the example of your kind Father and build up some virtue.
“I’ll use my organizer’s authority to impose multiple overloads and make sure you lose. Do your very best.”
“Guh… A fight’s been thrown down this far! How could Yuki not accept the challenge!　Motoyasu-sama! Yuki is entering the Filolial Race!”
“That’s right! While I’m at it, I’ll win the championship and take my idol career to the next level!”
If someone picks a fight like this, I’d be furious if I didn’t win! I’m well aware my popularity in Shieldfreeden is a bit iffy, after all. I’ll fend off my rivals’ interference, win the championship, and spark a Filolial-sama fever all over Shieldfreeden.
“Hey, Sakura and Mel-chan’s idol—”
Sakura-chan is tugging on her Father’s hand to get his attention.
“She’s really stirring things up nicely here… but what do you think, Sakura? Do you want to enter the race like Yuki?”
“Hmm?”
Sakura tilts her head slightly, looking as if she isn’t all that interested. I think Filo-tan liked running too, but she certainly didn’t have the same passion as Yuki. After all, whenever Yuki-chan starts a game of tag with the Filolial-sama, she always aims to be first—even when there’s no particular reason to. Filo-tan and Sakura-chan tend to fall a little behind.
“Sakura, Yuki’s going to be busy with races, so you should just do whatever you like!”
“Got it—then I’ll ask Mel-chan about it later.”
“I don’t know if she’ll agree… but maybe she’ll let you sing as the opening act for Melromarc’s evening gala or something like that.”
“Yeah.”
And so, thanks to a suggestion from a Rival, a race was hastily organized in Shieldfreeden. The problem is that instead of standardizing the rules across all races, it turned into a combined race featuring monsters from various regions. It seems even dragons will be participating.
For the next few days, Yuki-chan trained desperately. Come to think of it, I recall that Yuki-chan’s child… had developed feelings for the parent of the body that Rival had possessed when he shifted from his chocolate form.
That must have been just Rival’s nonsense. I would never allow such a horrifying thing to happen.
That Filolial-sama…? Well, perhaps influenced by my Father’s upbringing, he was quite the food lover. I remember him keeping a close eye on Rival in her chocolate body. It’s amusing to recall the memory of Rival nearly being devoured. He must still hold a grudge about that incident.
Based on advice from my trainer—and my own experience from previous loops—I made full use of the facilities to get Yuki-chan’s body in top running condition. She was more vibrant than ever before. She was practicing her running routine with even more enthusiasm than her dance choreography. That’s Yuki-chan for you.
Since there was already a racetrack in a town that looked like a knockoff of Vegas, it seems they were able to host a fairly large-scale race organized by the government. Aside from the fact that the participants aren’t all Filolial-sama, the way it’s a total knockoff through and through really gives it that Shieldfreeden vibe. I’m starting to get anxious about whether it’s really okay to let Yuki-chan participate in a race like this.
With the gloomy mood following the war, it’s said that the people of Shieldfreeden are often gathering simply for entertainment. What’s more, since the equipment comes from Takt or was already in place, the communication infrastructure is fully developed. Broadcasts can be distributed throughout Shieldfreeden, and it has evolved into a major race where people can place bets no matter where they are in the country. With guilds across the country acting as intermediaries, it felt like the race was finally about to begin.
But… something happened on the very day the race was set to start.
Chapter 893 - Cheesy Lace [2018/08/21 10:00]
“What on earth is going on here!?”
I looked at the odds table displayed on Shieldfreeden. There’s a lot of technical jargon in this area, but as long as you understand the numbers and symbols, you can usually figure it out. So, regarding the issue, I stormed into Rival’s room—the event organizer’s room—to lodge a protest.
“This handicap is exactly what you said it would be. Honestly, I don’t think it’s any fun unless you go so far that even I can tell it’s overkill.”
That’s right—what I was pointing out was the massive weight overload caused by the huge handicap imposed solely on Yuki-chan. Anyone who looked at the odds agreed it was way too harsh—not just that they had no intention of letting her win, but an overload so extreme it was downright pitiful for Filolial-sama. When Yuki-chan arrived at the racetrack… she was saddled with a saddle and gear that looked like she was dragging several iron balls—the kind a felon would pull. With every step she took, I could almost hear her groans, thud, thud. Why does Yuki-chan, an Idol, have to look like this?!
“Yuki-chan isn’t a prisoner!”
“She seems to be walking just fine. The Spear Hero is just overreacting, isn’t she?”
Our Rival is abusing her power to bully Yuki-chan! I absolutely cannot forgive this!
“Hey, Gaelion-chan, I saw Yuki-chan at the venue earlier, but…”
Just then, my father showed up with everyone. Of course he would. Even he’d have at least one complaint if he saw that.
“What on earth is that?”
“It’s exactly the overload I told you about. With a performance like that, even those willing to bet would have their notions of special treatment—just because she was raised by a Hero—blown away. And while we’re at it, wasn’t she mocking those who worship dragons, too?”
“Well, yeah—I was even debating whether to bet myself.”
“And yet, you bet your entire recent paycheck on a single bet, didn’t you…”
Zou said with a look of exasperation. Panda… he actually bet on Yuki-chan, even after she was reduced to such a pitiful state. Well, I suppose the money was the real draw.
“Well, if I thought I could definitely win at those odds… of course I’d bet!”
Panda said this with more conviction than ever before. Is something wrong? It’s a given that Yuki-chan will win.
“Even after everything that happened, we still think we can win…”
Éclair seemed to agree as well.
“Don’t you all get it!? Yuki-chan’s cry from the heart! Her voice saying it’s heavy and painful!”
Since it’s a race, Yuki-chan has been made to run in the form of Filolial-sama rather than as the Queen. Putting something like that on Yuki-chan is nothing short of humiliation.
“She was walking with footsteps just like Elmero-san’s, as if the weight didn’t bother her at all, right? Though the commentator did mutter in horror, ‘She seems full of energy now, but who knows what’ll happen once the race starts.’”
“T-Shield Hero…”
Zou looks embarrassed.
“Ah, sorry. It’s just that the nearest footsteps sounded like that.”
“You’ve gone way overboard with the weight, no matter how you look at it!”
“This is the start of a blatant fixed race where the one who thinks they can win even with that handicap is the one who’ll grab victory!”
“You’re the one who’s blatant!”
“So Gaelion-chan knows who’s going to win, too, huh?”
“Well, of course. Gaelion has a solid sense of judgment.”
I couldn’t care less about your judgment. Naturally, even with a handicap like that, Yuki-chan is going to win.
“Still, I wonder if Yuki-chan will be okay… If she gets a leg injury or something, it’d be no laughing matter…”
“Exactly! If anything happens to Yuki-chan, I’ll kill you!”
“Spear Hero, think about it the other way around… Think about what will happen to Yuki’s popularity after she overcomes all of Gaelion’s interference and takes first place. Once she transforms into human form and sings and dances there, won’t she become even more popular than Gaelion?”
Ugh… Just imagining that scene made me feel exhilarated. Rising from an underdog situation to earn everyone’s respect through her own skill… that’s Yuki-chan’s rags-to-riches story, isn’t it? But, you see!
“When you say it like that, it feels like you’re just going along with it, and that’s unpleasant.”
“Either way, it’s about to start. Just sit back and watch with peace of mind. If she gets crushed by something this trivial, even the dragons wouldn’t think of Filolial as a nuisance.”
I felt like my father-in-law and the others let out a slight sigh.
“Looks like it’s going to be a turbulent race…”
And just as my rival and I were arguing, the race had already begun.
As for the result… it was Yuki-chan’s landslide victory. Yuki-chan, whose body was jingling with iron balls, seemed completely unfazed as she pulled several lengths ahead of the other participating monsters and crossed the finish line, leaving the crowd momentarily speechless. Yeeeeahhhhh, that’s right!
“You did it, Yuki-chan! You fought off Rival’s interference and took first place!”
Overcome with pride at Yuki-chan’s performance, I dashed onto the track and gave her a big hug.
“Kueeeeeee!”
Yuki let out a happy cry and jettisoned all her weights. They thudded into the ground one after another. As if to serve as proof, the weights Yuki had been wearing were carried into the stands so everyone could see them, and the audience collectively inspected them.
Incidentally, leading up to this race, poison was mixed into her water and meals, and she faced interference—such as sniper attacks—while racing. It’s unclear whether these were the work of the Takt faction or simply a sign of low morals among the Shieldfreeden crowd, but the culprits have been apprehended and are currently being interrogated.
“Well… I can’t help but feel like this was staged, but they’ve certainly taken great care to make it look genuine.”
“I suppose they’ve convinced themselves that it wouldn’t have meant anything without going this far, and that those who didn’t believe in the Filolial raised by the Hero are at fault… In a way, you could say this was a massive publicity stunt for the Hero’s power.”
“Exactly!”
After that, at the awards ceremony, Yuki-chan transformed into an angel and put on a show, singing and dancing while using the trophy as a microphone, sending the venue into a frenzy with an eerie atmosphere. And just like that, Yuki-chan became a celebrity in Shieldfreeden.
Hyahha!
---
“I did worry a little that we might lose, but it was a needless worry, wasn’t it? Though, we didn’t make as much as I expected.”
As night fell, we were holding a victory celebration at Siltvelt Castle—as if it were a wrap party—when Panda, who had bet his entire paycheck, said this with eyes shaped like gold coins, rubbing his cheek against the money bag.
“In the end, the payout is based on the total amount wagered. Still, I think we made a profit because we expanded the scale.”
“If you really want to make a killing, you’d have to pick the exact order of finish.”
I know all about this sort of thing from my experience training horses for the Filolial Race.
“I guess I can’t really make a bet that big, though.”
“But if I bet all of Lars-chan’s salary… what would I even do with that much money?”
At that moment, Father looked at Panda and muttered under his breath. Hmm… I suppose the amount does make me a bit curious. Panda receives a salary from Siltvelt. And since she’s my Father’s guardian knight—as the Shield Hero—she receives a decent sum.
“Come to think of it, Lasa does save up money, but I have no idea what she spends it on.”
Zou then stepped in to back up Father’s question. Panda then furrowed her brow, clutched her money pouch, and glared at him. “I don’t need your money, you know.”
“That’s my business, isn’t it? It goes toward bar tabs, gambling, and debts for equipment.”
“I get the bar tabs, but was Larsa really losing that much?”
“To begin with, a knight in debt…”
Éclair is sighing.
“It’s not surprising since she’s a former mercenary, but even with all that money and status, can’t she pay it all back?”
“Shut up! It’s my business!”
“I bet she’s got some secret collection or something.”
“I-I told you that’s not it!”
Does that mean I hit the nail on the head? In other words, she’s running out of money because of cute merchandise. Yeah, yeah, I get it. I used to hunt day and night to scrape together money to collect Filo-chan merchandise, too.
“She probably doesn’t have that much money just for merchandise, though. I don’t know how particular you are about materials… though when it comes to gear, not just for me or Motoyasu-kun, but for everyone, Siltvelt should be covering those expenses anyway…”
I remember how you were blinded by greed when we went salvage hunting with your Older Sister. Isn’t it just that you simply love money?
“Anyway, I’m going to take a break now. I’ve got to feed my subordinates something good, after all!”
With that, Panda hastily handed off guard duty and went off to rest.
“…We do get meals provided at the castle, though. What are they up to?”
“I hear they’re carrying out their duties as soldiers. Perhaps thanks to Lars-chan’s thorough training, they’re very well-behaved.”
Zou replied. Incidentally, it seems the Shusaku clan representatives and others were also participating and enjoying themselves.
“…I wonder what Lars-chan spends her money on?”
“When someone acts that suspicious, you can’t help but want to know, can you?”
“Hmm… I wonder just how much debt she’s actually in…”
“Since I’m curious, would it be okay if I looked into it a little?”
“It might be something she’d rather not talk about.”
“True, but if there’s some reason she’s struggling financially, I’d like to help out a little… after all, she’s helped me enough that I feel that way.”
“Hmm, that’s just like you, Mr. Iwatani.”
As expected of my Father—you’re so kind. I don’t know if Panda has some kind of situation going on, but if there’s a reasonable explanation, let’s give him some money.
“It’s all about money, everywhere you look.”
My father gives a wry smile at Rival’s remark. Is that really something you should be saying?
“Sorry, Gaelion-chan.”
“Don’t worry about it.”
“Father, instead of worrying about Panda, I’d like you to praise Yuki-chan more! If it’s about money, we’ll earn plenty more ourselves!”
Aren’t you forgetting what kind of party this is? This is a celebration to honor Yuki-chan, who thwarted the schemes of that foolish Rival!
“Let’s toast to Yuki-chan’s victory!”
“Yes, ma’am! Yuki is going to become an Idol who can run, dance, and sing!”
Yuki-chan said this with a very refreshing, lively expression. That’s Yuki-chan through and through!
“Then for the next race, it’d be great to go head-to-head with that ‘Spear Hero’ and his strange driving style—the one Naofumi and the others told us about.”
The moment the Rival said that, Yuki-chan froze.
“I-I’m really looking forward to racing against Motoyasu-sama. I’ll drive… elegantly…”
I felt like the tone of Yuki-chan’s voice dropped just a little… but that must be my imagination! It’s just my “Drive Mode” and “Touring” modes kicking in. We’re going to pull off a one-two finish.
“Gaelion-chan, I really think you should skip that one, don’t you?”
“Oh? Alright then.”
“Have fun racing with Yuki-chan!”
“That’s fine as long as it stays personal. Otherwise, I think the race might end up with nicknames that don’t match our expectations… After all, reputation is everything for an Idol.”
“You hit the nail on the head.”
And just like that, the victory celebration that day came to a fun close. Of course, Filolial-sama sang and danced inside the venue to liven things up. Just what you’d expect from idols. I’m pretty proud of myself, too.
---
A few days later… Fans began pouring into the underground concert venue I’d prepared, all eager to see Yuki-chan. Now that’s what I call a success. HAHAHA, I can’t stop laughing.
“HAHAHA!”
Plus, thanks to my Father’s help, fans of the other Filolial-sama have been gathering too, so her popularity is growing. Hehehe… Eventually, I’ll drive out the Dragon Promotion Faction and make the Filolial Faith the state religion of Shieldfreeden.
“Ah, Sakura-chan, are you going to see Melty-chan today?”
“Hmm? Is something up?”
While enjoying breakfast with my Father and the others in Siltvelt, my Father calls out to Sakura-chan. However, it seems he’s asking about a secret meeting between Sakura-chan and her Finacée.
“Well, there is something, but I didn’t want to bother Sakura-chan if she already had plans.”
“It’s okay—Mel-chan said she couldn’t play today because she had something to do.”
“In that case, I’ll ask you to come.”
“Okay!”
Ugh… Sakura-chan. Lately, she’s been visiting her Finacée so often that she’s ended up near the bottom of the Filolial-sama election rankings in Shieldfreeden. It’s strange that Sakura-chan—the alter ego of that world-famous idol, Filo—is ranked so low. We’ll have to hold a “Support Sakura-chan” event soon.
Chapter 894 - The Pandas' Hometown [2018/08/28 10:00]
“Sakura, make sure you see Naofumi’s outing through to the end, okay?”
“Boo.”
When Rival has some free time, he also comes over here to eat, thanks to Father giving him a ride. Sakura-chan, of course, responds with a protest. Why are you giving orders to Sakura-chan, anyway? You haven’t become one of the Four Heavenly Kings or anything.
You, on the other hand, should just stick to eating at Shieldfreeden, where poison is laced into every single meal that comes out. I remember you saying that poison has no effect on Gaelion these days.
The Dragon Promotion Faction is also facing increasing threats of attack from hostile forces. Apparently, it’s not the Takt faction, but interference from those who dislike the reforms being pushed by other Rival factions. It’s a hopeless situation. Well, I hear their bodyguards are excellent, so there haven’t been any casualties yet.
I hear the Rival is working behind the scenes in various ways—partly to expose them—since they say it’s easy to eliminate them as long as they have a pretext. It seems the Rival won’t be accompanying your father on his outing this time. It’s just as well he’s not here.
“Father, I’m coming too!”
I have to help Sakura-chan snatch the seat next to Father away from the Rival. As for me, Motoyasu, I won’t hold back on helping with that. While the Rival is dawdling at Shieldfreeden, let’s win Father’s heart in a big way. Let’s aim for the Father ending.
“Hmm… Lord Iwatani, where are you planning to go today?”
Éclair asks about today’s destination. I don’t really have anything that urgent to do either. Over at Shieldfreeden, the talented Filolial-sama—led by Yuki-chan—are taking the initiative with their idol activities, so things are starting to run smoothly even without me.
“Yeah, there’s a place I’d like to visit. I guess it’ll be like a little day trip?”
“A day trip—Elmero’s coming too, right?”
“Of course.”
Kou and Zou are chatting happily.
“So? Where are you going?　“Man, you’re really a diligent sort, aren’t you, Shield Hero?”
Just like Éclair, Panda grumbled to her Father about where he wanted to go.
“Well, the place I want to go is…”
Father unfolds a map and points at it, showing Sakura-chan so she can see. It’s the frontier of Siltvelt. I wonder what’s in a place like that?
Oh? Right after pointing there, Panda—who is unmistakably a panda in anyone’s eyes—furrowed his brow.
“Hey, you… Did you ask that guy in the castle town who’s from the same hometown as me? ”
“I’ll leave that to your imagination. Well, according to the folks in Siltvelt, it’s apparently in a neighboring country. It’s also said to be a famous resort. I figured it wouldn’t hurt to take it easy for a bit.”
My father says this in a tone that sounds a bit forced. But so, the panda actually has a fellow townsman, does she? According to my Father, it seems they run some kind of shop.
“What if I say I don’t want to go?”
“You don’t have to come, you know? In that case, Lars-chan, just stay at the castle and look after your subordinates.”
“Is there no option to just not go?”
“Do you really think that option is in line with my curiosity to get Shieldfreeden back on its feet?”
Éclair, Zou, me, Sakura-chan, the other Filolial-samas, the castle staff, and our Rival all take turns looking back and forth between my Father and Panda. Judging by this exchange, this must be a place connected to Panda. Whether the panda is desperately suppressing his anger or just feeling frustrated, he had his fists clenched, but now he unclenches them as if he’s given up.
“Fine. Ugh… You’re still such a quirky hero, aren’t you!”
“Lars-chan has helped me out in so many ways. He’s been looking after the Filolials and everyone else, so I figured I should at least say hello, right?”
“It’s really not a big deal.”
“I see… So this is Lord Larsa’s hometown, then?”
“It seems so. How did you figure that out?”
“Well, there are various reasons. Apparently, because of Lars-chan’s position and such, the castle staff already ran a background check, so there won’t be any extra expenses.”
“What’s the point of wasting manpower on something like this? Seriously…”
So, an investigation was already underway the moment the panda became my Father’s bodyguard. After all, Siltvelt is a nation, isn’t it? After all, the fact that Panda is here in the first place means they’ve already determined there’s no issue.
“I didn’t ask for all the details either, but I should probably at least go file a report, right?”
“I was somewhat prepared for this, but I didn’t expect it to go this far… I’m surprised.”
Panda scratches his head vigorously.
“It’s not like I have any embarrassing past I’d be ashamed to have investigated, or anyone I don’t want him to meet. But it doesn’t exactly make me feel great.”
“It just means they’re taking a keen interest in you, the Shield Hero. You should be proud.”
The representative of the Shusaku race admonishes Panda. So you were here, weren’t you?
“Yeah, yeah. I knew you were here, but this is a hassle.”
Panda waves his hand in a very lazy manner and stands up.
“Well then, shall we get going?”
“Yeah.”
And so, we set off for Panda’s hometown, with Sakura-chan and Kou pulling the carriage.
---
“So this is Lord Rasa’s hometown…”
As we neared our destination, Éclair got out of the carriage, looked around, and said that. It seemed to be a mountainous region with plenty of bamboo forests. I can’t help but think the terrain looks just like a panda’s natural habitat. The strange part was that we encountered a snow-capped mountain along the way that nearly blocked our path. There were times when Sakura-chan and Kou needed to wear snowshoes. It was so completely white that it was hard to tell Yuki-chan apart from the snow based on the color of her feathers.
“There was a massive snow-capped mountain along the way, but yeah, this area is pretty much what I imagined.”
It’s true—the surroundings are absolutely full of bamboo groves. The mountains are made of sharp rock; it’s just… there’s no other word for it but ‘a hidden paradise.’ It kind of stirs my sense of adventure. Makes me want to switch to Drive Mode.
“Man, even though this is my hometown, I didn’t actually live here when I was old enough to remember. I didn’t come back here until I was pretty grown up.”
“Really?”
“Are you interested in other people’s pasts? You’re quite the curious one, aren’t you?”
“I’d really like to ask you how you ended up becoming a mercenary, Lars-chan. Of course, you don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to.”
“You really are a curious little hero, aren’t you?”
As we chatted like this, we arrived at what looked like the panda’s home village. There we found a large number of villagers, pigs, and pandas.
“Huh? Isn’t that Larsazusa over there!”
One of the pandas called out to the panda standing near us. Let’s make sure to distinguish him from the villager pandas. The villager pandas have a friendly, approachable vibe.
“I heard you pulled off a major feat back in the kingdom—what exactly happened?”
“Ah, thanks to that feat, I landed a job as the Shield Hero’s bodyguard. And it turns out, that Hero is interested in my home.”
“What?!”
The villager panda looked over at my Father. It’s obvious at a glance because he’s holding a shield. His Father said to the Village Panda:
“I’m Naofumi Iwatani, the Shield Hero. Larsazusa has helped me in many ways, so I came by to thank her.”
“U-um… I’m truly honored, and thank you very much. Um… I’ll go explain this to the villagers for a moment, so please wait here.”
“Sure.”
Looking a bit timid, the villager panda bowed to my Father and then dashed off.
“Oh my goodness!　Larsazusa has brought back the Shield Hero in triumph aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
How should I put it? It’s turned into quite a commotion. A long time ago, when I went to the countryside with the Rich Pig, I encountered a similar incident. Back then, I was treated like her boyfriend and dragged along. Come to think of it, it’s a horrifying memory. Let’s seal it away as a dark chapter in my past, just like Itsuki and Ren often do.
“Sigh… Seriously, this is exactly why I said I didn’t want to come.”
Panda says this while clutching his head.
“So? The Shield Hero? Do you know who he is?　If this ends up putting me in a bad spot, it’ll be hard for me to go back home, you know.”
“I was kind of prepared for this… but I’ll be careful to make sure that doesn’t happen.”
“I’m a little worried about how you plan to be careful, though…”
“It’s getting kind of noisy and fun here, Elmero.”
“I don’t know if it’s fun, but it’s nice to see Larsa looking so surprised.”
“Hey, you…”
The panda glares at the elephant. These two are always like this.
“I’ve heard Larsa’s race is a rare one, but there are more of them than I expected. I thought there was only one family.”
Éclair replies, sounding almost impressed.
“Don’t you think that’s an underestimate?”
“I’m sorry. It’s just that the only member of that rare species I know—or rather, someone I looked up to as a mentor when I was young—is the last surviving member.”
“It wasn’t quite that devastating, though.”
“In a way, you have a deep connection with Lord Iwatani.”
A deep connection with my Father, you say? That’s news to me, so I’ll make a mental note of it. It might come in handy someday.
“Huh… What kind of person is he?”
“He’s a descendant of the original species known as the ‘Lizardmen,’ who were companions of the First Shield Hero.”
“That must be quite an impressive person.”
“However, he also died trying to protect my father and the town from the wave’s devastation—pushing himself too hard despite his old age… The wife my father introduced me to, and the child born to them—they’re probably…”
The atmosphere has grown a bit heavy.
“Well, I’ve traveled around the outside world quite a bit myself, and it’s true that I don’t see them very often.”
Panda must have sensed the mood, because she’s changing the subject. All things considered, she’s quite good at being considerate.
“There seem to be quite a few bear Beastmen, though. But pandas are definitely rare, aren’t they? This place might seem like paradise to panda lovers. Though, there are a lot of Demi-Humans here, too.”
“You mean the ones who haven’t mastered Beastman form, right?”
Ah, that’s right—pandas can turn into pigs. Just like Keel. But there are men mixed in there, too. I just can’t help but wonder how that works.
“Hmm?”
Sakura-chan tilts her head slightly as she watches the commotion in the panda settlement. Meanwhile, Father is looking a bit flustered as he deals with villagers who are proposing a village-wide feast. It seems to be a major event for the settlement, and everyone looks a bit nervous.
“Lasa… welcome back…”
Just then, a flashy peacock-like tail and an elderly-looking panda arrived on the scene. The peacock-like Beastman, looking slightly teary-eyed, ran up to the panda. Then they shared a heartfelt embrace.
“Ah… I’m home, Dad. And Grandpa, too.”
“Welcome back. You’ve really grown into a fine young man.”
The elderly panda was carrying a large pipe on his back. Is that a weapon or something? It looks like a blunt instrument.
“It’s nothing like that. It’s just part of my job.”
“Even so… Rasa, everyone here is so happy that you’ve come back alive.”
“Oh, come on…”
The panda seemed a bit uncomfortable as he scratched his head while still in the peacock-like Beastman’s embrace. Then, the elderly panda greeted his Father with a Siltvelt-style salute.
“To the Shield Hero and your entire party, we are truly grateful for your visit to our settlement. Please stay as long as you like; we look forward to your company.”
“Yeah, likewise—we look forward to it too.”
Having recently been warned that, as a person in a position of authority, he shouldn’t be too subservient, Father nodded enthusiastically, as if to say, “That’s right.”
“That’s right. Rasa, you must be hungry, right? Since you’re here, you should stay and have some of the food I’ve prepared. Wait here. I’ll make it right away.”
The peacock beastman breaks the embrace and starts to head out to cook. Hmph… Cooking in front of my Father—what an unlucky peacock.
“Well, I’m not really that hungry, though…”
“But…”
“Really, I’m fine.”
“I see, I see. I was getting worried since I only got letters from Lars-chan every once in a while, but I’m glad to hear you’re doing well.”
The peacock beastman is nodding along. It seems this peacock beastman hasn’t even noticed my Father.
“Um, are you Lars-chan’s father? I’m Naofumi Iwatani, the Shield Hero. Nice to meet you.”
My father, looking a bit hesitant, spoke up and offered his hand. When the peacock beastman looked at him, his expression turned one of utter shock, as if he’d been rendered speechless, before he tentatively shook my father’s hand.
Chapter 895 - Panda's Parents' House [2018/09/04 10:00]
“Lhasa, I’d heard about you, but I’ve really met someone amazing.”
……From the way Panda speaks, it’s clear he’s connected to her. I’m a little curious about what kind of relationship they have.
“It’s work-related. I’ve been saying that all along, haven’t I? Dad.”
“Oh, right. My apologies. I just got so excited that you were back—it was my fault.”
“…Oh, come on. It’s fine, but I’d appreciate it if you didn’t get so worked up.”
He looks a little dejected… but this peacock Beastman has some incredibly flashy tail feathers. However, depending on his mood, his tail feathers keep opening and closing, standing up and lying down. Sakura-chan and Kou are watching those tail feathers with great curiosity.
“That’s sooo cool. His tail feathers flutter!”
“Flutter, flutter—”
Perhaps sensing their interest, the peacock beastman gives Sakura and Kou a gentle smile. Then, as if to entertain them, he spreads his tail feathers and raises and lowers both arms. It seems like a different kind of dance from the one Filolial-sama performs.
“Wow!”
“So fun!”
“Hehehe… Rasa, who are these kids?”
Hmm… It doesn’t seem like a bad peacock Beastman.
“They’re special monsters who live with the Shield Hero, and apparently, they used to be Filolials.”
With a “puff,” Sakura and Kou transform back into their Filolial-sama forms. The peacock beastman looks surprised at the sight, but immediately laughs back and pets Sakura-chan and the others. He seems like a nice person.
“Well, well—it seems there are still plenty of mysterious things in this world.”
Flapping its tail feathers open and closed to capture Sakura-chan and the others’ interest, the Peacock Beastman says this to Panda. To acknowledge it so immediately—it seems he has quite a flexible mindset. After all, there remains a world so deep it reaches the depths of Filolial-sama, Fitoria-tan… and even Filo-tan. The world is still brimming with mystery.
“That’s for sure.”
“I’m glad to see you’re not bored. Still, we—Lasa—are always rooting for your happiness. It might even be better than a job like being a mercenary.”
“I know that already!”
The panda replied with an expression that clearly said he found it a real hassle, and then… the entire settlement came together for a lively celebration. Amid the festive atmosphere of a banquet, the villagers—led by Father—performed one entertainment act after another to entertain us.
My father was chatting with an elderly panda—who seemed to be acting as the representative—while keeping an eye on the village children and others. As for me, I thoroughly enjoyed my time with Sakura-chan and the others, who were absolutely fascinated by the peacock Beastman. That peacock Beastman was actually quite a skilled dancer. It might even be worth using as a reference for her idol activities.
And now, she’s busy cooking up a storm in the temporary shelter—I guess she’s good at it. She seems quite skilled at decorative knife work. With hands like wings, she deftly holds the knife and slices the ingredients as if dancing in the air to arrange them beautifully. She’s also making a ramen-like dish using her secret soup. She’s really showing off her skills.
“Sometimes your movements remind me of Lars-chan’s in battle.”
“I’m aware I’m drawing inspiration from her style. Though mine’s just a hodgepodge of different fighting styles, really.”
“Also, you really give off a strong ‘master craftsman’ vibe.”
“Oh, my parents made a living doing that—traveling around and supporting me.”
“Traveling?”
“That’s right. I’m tired of hiding it, so I’ll tell you: my biological parents were caught up in the war and died. The guy cooking over there is the foster father who took me in and raised me.”
Panda said this with a completely unperturbed expression. She seems to have led quite a harrowing life.
“Huh? Then what about this village?”
“It’s just the hometown I finally managed to reach after all sorts of things happened.”
“Hmm… That war was tragic… Before we could join this settlement, the villages of our clan that we’d been in contact with got caught up in it… Everyone was scattered to the four winds.”
So replied the elderly panda—who appeared to be Panda’s grandfather—as he puffed on his tobacco pipe.
“As far as I’m concerned, those parents were my parents from the time I could remember. It’s thanks to them that I know the languages of so many different countries. I traveled all over looking for my hometown.”
“I see…”
“My parents were the kind who dabbled in all sorts of things, like business. I like to think I’ve developed a keen eye for things.”
“Whoa!”
The peacock beastman spreads his arms wide; he places a total of four bowls of what appears to be ramen on his hands and arms, and at the same moment, soup and noodles pour down from above, seemingly completing the dish. What a deft feat.
It reminds me of the scene with my Father from my first world, who—while complaining that cooking was a hassle—would flick ingredients lightly before slicing them into multiple layers with a knife before they even hit the pot. He did it with such nonchalance, but perhaps that’s a skill only a chef without equal could pull off.
Hmm, could it be that this peacock Beastman is such a skilled cook that even my father would want to hire him?
“Father, isn’t the panda parent’s cooking just as good as yours?”
“I don’t think you should overestimate me, but he certainly puts on a show in the kitchen.”
“Thank you.”
The panda’s parent arranges the dishes in front of my Father and the others and expresses their gratitude.
“Can you do all sorts of other things, too?”
“Compared to you heroes, it’s nothing special…”
“Don’t lie. You still have connections all over the place, don’t you?”
“Lasa… People support one another. And it’s precisely because we’ve built such good relationships that I was able to come to your hometown. I have to thank everyone.”
“Yeah, yeah.”
“Hmm… It might be fun to recruit you for the castle…”
“Please spare me. If that happens, I’m quitting this job and going back to being a freelance mercenary.”
“Lasa.”
The peacock beastman chimes in.
“I understand how embarrassed you are and why you don’t want to do this. So don’t worry—if you don’t want to go, I won’t make you.”
“Ugh, man, this guy is such a pain to deal with…”
As if he couldn’t stand it anymore, the panda is scratching his head vigorously. You’re going to go bald!
This is just like that, isn’t it? It’s probably the same feeling as when your parents come to parent-teacher day and everyone’s staring at you. You don’t like it, do you? I totally get it. I vaguely remember a rare occasion in elementary school when my parents actually came to school, too.
“I’m very pleased with the warm welcome I’ve received as the Shield Hero. So, as a token of my gratitude to Larsazusa, who’s always been there to help me, I’d like to do whatever I can to show my appreciation. I look forward to your continued support.”
The villagers are all looking at each other, unsure of how to respond. Soon, my father borrows the kitchen that the panda parents used and starts cooking.
“Father! You’re going to have a cooking showdown with the panda parents, aren’t you! You’re showing off your skills just to criticize them!”
“W-well, that’s…”
“Naofumi’s cooking is delicious, isn’t it?”
“Yeah. Iwatani’s cooking is delicious.”
Sakura-chan and the others chime in to the Peacock Beastman. There’s no doubt about it!
“That’s not it! Motoyasu-kun, don’t say things that might cause a misunderstanding!”
My father cautioned him, looking flustered. Was that a misunderstanding? So, my father… made fried rice and steamed buns to go with the ramen and served them up.
“Yay!”
“Iwatani’s cooking—we only get to eat it once in a while, so this is a real treat!”
“It’s definitely been a while.”
Sakura-chan and Éclair, who was traveling with us, agreed. Due to the domestic situation and other factors, my Father rarely gets to cook. However, whenever he’s been feeling stressed, my Father has occasionally been spotted in the kitchen. Only a select few—like me, Filolial-sama, Éclair, and Panda—get to eat those meals. I suppose he’s serving them up so publicly under the pretext that Panda’s been working hard.
“T-the dish made by the Shield Hero…”
The pandas in the settlement are gulping their saliva and staring at the food that’s been served.
“Please help yourselves before it gets cold.”
“Y-yes!”
“T-this has a different texture and flavor than what we usually eat!”
“What is this!?”
“What’s going on!?”
“It’s so easy to eat…!?”
The pandas were truly astonished.
I was watching from behind a corner—seeing Father casually mix ingredients like bamboo shoots into the dish and experiment with seasonings. Weapons skills aren’t everything. My father is constantly coming up with countless ingenious ideas in all sorts of places, often without even realizing it himself.
After that, perhaps because their tension had eased, the residents of the panda settlement seemed to fully enjoy the welcome feast in their own ways. As the sun set and everyone had fallen asleep, we ended up resting at my father’s family home—a large house even by the settlement’s standards. Oh, and since elephants aren’t allowed inside, I’m resting out by the barn with Kou. They say it’s deep in the mountains, but it’s not that cold, so we’ll be fine.
“Lars-chan”
“What is it?”
“Do you actually have a room of your own, Lars-chan?”
“I do, but you absolutely can’t go in there.”
“Okay. There are things I don’t want anyone to see, right? I’ve been there myself, so I get it.”
I get it, too. It’s only natural for a healthy young man to have a hentai magazine or two. By the way, I used to have a photo book of a pig I’d become friends with. Looking back now, it was total trash. Also, in the first world, my room was full of Filo-chan merchandise. I wouldn’t feel the least bit embarrassed if anyone else saw those, though.
Speaking of my room, I seem to recall my Father from the first world saying something like, “It wasn’t good that Raphtalia saw my eroge…” Hmm, when was that again? My memory’s a bit fuzzy.
“You… I’m definitely going to make you cry someday, so you better be prepared.”
Panda seems to be directing some serious killing intent toward my Father.
“I’m heading to my room for a bit, so don’t you dare come in.”
Panda went back to what appeared to be his own room, glancing back repeatedly as he went. I’m sure he’s hoarding all sorts of merchandise in there.
“That was a very meaningful time. It really made me realize how tense I’ve been lately with everything so tense and stressful.”
Éclair says as she sits down in front of the hearth.
“That’s true. All things considered, a lot has happened lately, hasn’t it?”
Father replies with a nostalgic air.
“I’ve always wanted to see the world, so I’m glad I got to come to Lars-chan’s hometown.”
Father was stroking Sakura-chan, who was snoring contentedly after a hearty meal. It was a picture-perfect scene. I absolutely can’t let my Rival get the better of me here!
“To the Shield Hero and his party, thank you so much for bringing Larsazusa to our village today.”
The peacock beastman and the elderly panda bring tea and sit down by the hearth.
“No, no—we’re the ones who are grateful that you accommodated our sudden visit. How should I put it… Given who Lars-chan is, does it seem like he doesn’t come back here very often?”
“Yes… He keeps in touch regularly, but he rarely comes by. Especially in the last few years…”
“Just when we thought we’d finally found a place to settle down, he bolted out of here…”
The old panda looks a bit troubled, too.
“I see… It seems Lars-chan has been saving money. Could it be that she’s doing this so the people here can live comfortably?”
Oh? Father is asking the question straight out here. It’s a topic everyone’s been curious about, and I can sort of guess why.
“Lars-chan has helped us out in many ways, and since he fought bravely against the Shieldfreeden, I’ve heard that if there’s a valid reason, Siltvelt won’t hesitate to provide assistance.”
It sounded like Siltvelt was providing that kind of support.
“It’s true that money and supplies are sent to us from time to time. Lately, with government aid on top of that, life in this village has become easier than it used to be.”
“So that’s how it is, then…”
“However… since this isn’t an area plagued by extreme poverty, I think most of Lasa’s funds are being allocated elsewhere—thanks to my savings, connections, and my work as a traveling merchant.”
My Father looked somewhat surprised. It seems the Peacock Beastman knows exactly how the money is being spent.
“That child is good at looking after others, but she’s not exactly straightforward. It’s only natural that someone like her would stick her nose into strange matters and wonder what the Shield Hero is using his stipend for.”
“No… I just assumed he was simply sending money back to his parents…”
“She’s been through a lot, you see. Ah… Come to think of it, everything that’s happened since I met her feels like it’s gone by so quickly…”
The peacock beastman says this with a look of nostalgia on his face. Given everything that’s happened, I’ve been trying not to dwell on it myself, but aren’t you thinking about your daughter a little too much? You’re incredibly overprotective. It practically looks like she ran away from home.
Judging by what you’ve said, this peacock Beastman must be a retired master chef and traveling merchant. I also suspect he’s quite knowledgeable about alchemy as well. Inside Panda’s parents’ house, there were all sorts of equipment and what looked like merchandise. There were even lights resembling aquariums containing faintly glowing jellyfish—the interior design is anything but boring.
Even though it’s deep in the mountains, isn’t this a pretty modern house? In a different sense, it might come in handy if we were to recruit him.
Chapter 896 - The Panda's Benefactor [2018/09/11 10:00]
“I found that child… raised her… and traveled all over looking for her real parents and family… Along the way, I got caught up in a war and was stranded for a while…”
The peacock beastman pulled out what looked like a photo album and told me the whole story in detail. Apparently, Panda was found by the peacock beastman one day, before she was even old enough to remember. Apparently, he was found tucked inside a box of goods the Peacock Beastman had ordered, as if trying to hide.
They tried to find his parents at that point but couldn’t locate them, and since he himself didn’t know much besides his name, the Peacock Beastman had no choice but to start taking care of him. At the time, the story goes, she just looked like a bear-like Demi-Human with black ears at first glance, and her identity was unknown. He explained all sorts of things—like how she had a relatively quiet personality as a child—but for me, this kind of topic makes me feel a bit sleepy.
My father is listening intently. As for me, I’m completely captivated by Sakura-chan’s sleeping face, so I’m mostly tuning it out.
“That must have been tough.”
“Lord Rasa’s life has been a series of upheavals… I’m glad this settlement seems so peaceful.”
“Yes… As for when he started fighting… well, I think it was around the time he learned various things from a fierce Hakuko warrior he met on the battlefield.”
“Hmm? The Hakuko clan?”
“Yes… going back to what I was saying earlier, Rasa’s first love was—”
Just then, we heard the sound of someone rushing over with heavy, thudding footsteps.
“Hey, what are you guys talking about?!”
“What do you mean? Lars-chan is just trying to help the Shield Hero get to know you better, isn’t she?”
“Listen, now!”
Panda is raising her voice like never before. Eventually, she looks at her Father as if giving up, then sits down with her elbows propped on the table and a sulky expression on her face.
“This is getting too much of a hassle, and I hate it when Dad tells me what to do, so I’ll just say it myself.”
“I wasn’t planning on prying that deeply into it…”
“You’ve barged in this far, and yet you have the nerve to say that! You’re probably just curious about what I’ve been spending all that money on, aren’t you!”
“Well, technically speaking, that’s true… but I get that it’s not about debt. According to Elmero, the bill for Lars-chan’s tab isn’t that high, and it’s not like all the money is going back to your hometown either.”
Panda glares at the Peacock Beastman.
“Oh, well… To pick up where we left off, it was when I got caught up in a small war and ended up in an isolated town. I was saved from that crisis by a Hakuko. By chance, I ended up staying with that guy for a while. Dad, you’re still in touch with him, right?”
“Not with him personally, though.”
“Is that so?”
When the Father answered, both the Panda and the Peacock Beastman nodded in unison. Then, as if to clarify, the Panda added,
“I heard he died in battle. But we’re still in touch with the people close to him.”
“Um… he was Lars-chan’s first love, right?”
“It was when she was little. I guess you could call it her first love, but since he had a wife and kids, it was never going to work out from the start.”
“Huh… From what I’ve heard, the Hakuko race is a pretty fierce people. I heard their power collapsed when Siltvelt was defeated by Melromarc.”
“Hmm. That’s what I’ve heard as well.”
Éclair agreed with Father’s reply. So they’re recognized by both Melromarc and Siltvelt, then.
“Apparently so… It seems there were all sorts of complications because they suffered a historic defeat at the hands of a wise and brilliant king. I’ve heard that the conflict that led to my father taking me in was a fallout from that very incident.”
That’s quite the story about Trash. I heard he was quite talented in the first world. And that he won several battles through strategic prowess. Back then, I was just fighting, so it felt like I beat Takt without really understanding what was going on. It seems that, in that state, Trash was competent enough to earn the trust of my Father from the first world.
“And yet, the Hakuko clan still helped you?”
“I think he was a pretty mild-mannered guy compared to the rest of the Hakuko clan, don’t you? He always reminded us that brains are just as important as brute strength.”
Panda answers Father’s question in a tone that sounds slightly embarrassed.
“He certainly had charisma, too. Back then, just having him there meant we could eat and sleep in peace, even though we were in the midst of a war. The fact that we’re still alive today is probably thanks to him protecting us.”
The Peacock Beastman chimed in with the Panda’s story.
“When there wasn’t any fighting, Rasa would train with him almost every day.”
“She did look up to him, after all… He was so heroic, so dependable, and so caring.”
It really reminds me of the stories I used to hear back in Japan about seniors that the “Pig” looked up to. In most cases I’ve encountered, though, it usually ended with heartbreak, or the person turned out to be a total scoundrel—a far cry from the ideal they’d imagined. Of course, I have absolutely no intention of tarnishing Panda’s memories, nor do I mean to speak ill of the deceased.
“I see… So Lars-chan is trying to be like that person, huh?”
“Stop making fun of people!”
Panda yells at her Father, but she doesn’t sound very convincing. I don’t think your Father was making fun of you, though.
“…Apparently, there were suspicions that he was Tyran’s unworthy son, but I wonder what the truth really is…”
According to what I heard later, it seems to be the name of a commander from the Hakuko clan who was involved in some trouble. Old Panda added that bit of context.
“But he died, right?”
“That’s right. I heard about it quite a while after we’d parted ways. He was a general of the Hakuko Clan—one of the Four Great Clans—and apparently managed a considerable amount of land. It’s surprising that someone so strong could die so suddenly. You never know when you’ll die in battle, do you?”
Panda spoke matter-of-factly to her Father, as if ruminating on the death of her beloved.
“So, here’s the main point. The fact that you’re so concerned about where my money is going has something to do with this.”
“Yeah.”
“Don’t go saying too much, okay? That goes for you, Knight, too! I’m only saying this reluctantly because I know I’ll get told off if I don’t!”
“You don’t have to be quite that careful…”
“The Shield Hero is incredibly curious, you know. I’m just making sure he doesn’t go blabbing about this in the wrong places.”
“I actually think it’d be better to keep that sort of thing from reaching the Filolial-sama’s ears.”
Éclair said this as she watched Sakura-chan snoring. The Filolial-sama are being spoken of in a bad light. But it’s true that the Filolial-sama love gossip. If Panda’s past comes to light, it’ll become common knowledge in no time. So if I argue back, it might actually make things worse for Filolial-sama. I’ll just keep my mouth shut on this one.
“Well, yeah… I get that it’s not good to spread it around too much. I do have some self-restraint.”
“I hope so, anyway.”
“Try not to talk about it too much—Lars-chan doesn’t like it. Motoyasu-kun, you know the Filolials love to gossip.”
“Boo!”
I’ll protest to my Father by imitating Sakura-chan. My Father looked troubled and averted his gaze from me.
“So, Lord Rasa, how does this relate to where your money is going?”
“……”
The panda looks away, clearly struggling to speak.
“As a thank-you for saving your life, you’re helping out Hakuko’s children when you have the means, right?”
The peacock beastman spoke up for the panda, who seemed reluctant to say it himself. Hmm, charity work, I see. My opinion of the panda improved just a little bit.
“I hear their mother passed away soon after. They’re apparently close siblings, but that person also mentioned that the younger sister suffers from a serious illness.”
“Ah… yeah. I know this isn’t really my style, but… when I’ve got some extra cash, I do help out a little.”
In response to the Peacock Beastman’s explanation, the Panda rattles off his reply in a rush.
“A serious illness?”
“Yeah. Apparently, it’s so serious that she has to take Yggdrasil medication twice a month or she’ll die. She had a decent inheritance, but she fell into a debt spiral in the blink of an eye and had no choice but to sell everything she could and just leave.”
“That’s a pretty grim story… So that’s why Lars-chan needs the money?”
“Through a contact—when I had some spare cash—to help cover the cost of the medicine… Don’t you dare tell anyone, okay?”
Panda threatens us, radiating as much killing intent as he can muster. It’s not scary at all. It’s probably because your room is so fancy. Besides, I’m not such a Trash that I’d go around spreading rumors like this. At most, I’ll just tattle to my Father the next time we loop back.
“Helping kids who’ve lost their parents, huh… That’s admirable. How are those kids doing now?”
“Unfortunately, I’ve never even met them. I don’t even know where they are, but I’ve heard through the grapevine that they’re at least still alive.”
“That’s an unusually vague exchange for Lars-chan.”
“Shut up. It’s just like the offerings the Hero spreads around. It’s more like a little charm I perform when I have a spare moment—in between getting my hands dirty with all this dirty work! ”
Hmph—Panda crosses her arms and pouts. Seeing her like that, her Father smiles gently and reaches out, stroking her cheek as if he were petting Sakura-chan.
“I’m not laughing or anything. I just thought, ‘Lars-chan really is a good person after all.’”
“Hmm, that’s a very noble way to use your resources. It’s something to be proud of.”
Father and Éclair are praising Panda’s actions. Providing financial support to the child of a first love she’s never even met—I think that’s admirable, too. Financial support, you say… Uh… I have memories of getting beaten to a pulp by Big Sister.
“To think Lord Rasa had such a story… I’m ashamed of myself for looking down on mercenaries with such a cynical eye. I believe your actions are something to be proud of—not just as a knight, but as a human being.”
“Don’t get the wrong idea, though. I do enjoy the Gathering, you know.”
“I wonder who he takes after.”
The old panda says this to the peacock Beastman, who stands with his arms crossed, tilting his head in response.
“Really, how did things come to this…”
The panda waves his hand at the two of them as if shooing them away, looking exasperated. They don’t look alike at all, so it’s impossible to tell who he takes after. In that case, it must be down to his own nature.
“So, what about the earnings from the other day?”
“A third goes here, a third goes into my pocket, and the rest… that’s how it goes, I guess.”
“I think that’s fine. Better to do a little good than none at all, right? Wait, in this case, there’s no ulterior motive, so maybe it’s actually genuine kindness?”
“That’s true. Honestly, I’m glad I’ve gotten to know Lord Rasa better since coming here.”
“I’m not into this whole ‘pretend to be best friends’ thing.”
He’s like a pig version of Ren. The fact that a miser is actually supporting a child with a serious illness makes me feel like I might actually get along with Kuro-chan.
“Hmm…”
Sakura-chan looks up with sleepy eyes.
“Good morning, Sakura-chan.”
“Hmm… Is it still nighttime?”
“Yeah, I guess so.”
“Since we’re at it, I’ll go get the bath ready.”
The peacock beastman stands up and seems to be getting ready to prepare the bath.
“Well then, I’ll go chop some firewood.”
The old panda seems to have returned to his chores as well. It makes me wonder again—at the panda’s family home, do his adoptive father and grandfather live together? It’s a strange relationship. There’s no romance there. Maybe it’s fine because the village is so lively?
“Does it seem like Lars-chan’s father runs a business in this village?”
“He travels to distant towns as a peddler while also teaching the locals here.”
“He’s a hard worker, isn’t he? What about Grandpa?”
“He farms and hunts on the side. Apparently, he used to be quite skilled at it back in the day. Whenever I’m at home, he comes over trying to make me practice—it’s such a hassle. I’m definitely going to have to practice with him tomorrow morning.”
That’s the sort of way Panda was explaining the situation at his parents’ house to his Father and the others.
Chapter 897 - Panda's Grandfather [2018/09/18 10:00]
And then the next day… I think I heard a loud thud. When I woke up and went outside for some fresh air, sure enough, Old Man Panda was holding a training session with Panda and Éclair.
…And Elephant is there too. He’s sitting on his butt, and there’s a crater in the ground. My father and Sakura-chan seem to be watching the spectacle. Perhaps they’re having a mock battle, because Old Man Panda is standing in a fighting stance with his huge pipe drawn. Panda, Éclair, and even the elephant all look a bit worn out.
“Their movements are quite fast, but that makes them a bit monotonous. I thought I was in a tight spot there, too.”
The old panda says this cheerfully while twirling his pipe around.
“I was holding back because I didn’t want them to neglect their technique while focusing on leveling up and improving their stats… but to be cornered like this and not even be left out of breath…”
“Your skills are still monstrous as ever.”
“I fought him thinking it’d be like facing Larsa, but I never expected to get thrown like that…”
Zou said as he got back to his feet. To throw a giant like that—he’s quite the fighter.
“Wow!”
Sakura-chan looks a little sleepy since it’s early in the morning, but she’s sharing her thoughts on the battle.
“Elmero, he was flying!”
Kou’s eyes sparkled as he talked about how Zou had been flying. Sakura-chan and Kou are loving it. Even I could throw him across the room!
“That’s amazing.”
“It’s not that big of a deal. Truth be told, I’m just copying what I’ve seen.”
The Old Panda replied to his Father, who was praising him.
“Look, Rasa. Your job is to guard the Shield Hero, isn’t it? Do you really think you can protect him with a performance like that?”
“Shut up. Even without me protecting him, this guy’s rock-solid!”
Saying that, Panda stands up, brushes the sand off, and takes a fighting stance against the Old Panda. Looks like they’re still going to fight, huh?
“I’m going to go faster than before!”
Panda pulls out a bamboo stalk and, using the recoil, charges forward with a brute-force attack powered by his level.
“That’s why I keep telling you your moves are too predictable!”
Whoosh… Something like Ki surged from the Old Man Panda’s body. He smoothly dodged the Panda’s charge, then swept his pipe through the air, sending the Panda flying. Whoa… The Panda soared high into the air.
“Waaaaaaaaaaah!?”
With a thud, the panda plummeted straight down.
“As expected of Lord Lasa’s grandfather… Perhaps I should seek his guidance for the battles ahead? His technique is that polished.”
“I’d rather you cut me some slack…”
“Or rather, such skill reminds me of Lord Kitamura…”
Hmm… I suppose I should show my Father just how strong I am right here. Since my Father from the first world warned me, I’ve been honing not just my level, but my technique as well.
“It’s my turn, then.”
“Motoyasu, even though he’s strong, he’s an old man, so please go easy on him—or rather, don’t kill him, okay?”
“Of course.”
“Oh? Is the Spear Hero going to face me?”
The old panda, with his pipe resting on his shoulder, beckons me over. Since he seems to be using a long weapon, I suppose we can fight on somewhat similar terms?
“Well then, here I go. Of course… this will be a battle of skill.”
It would be tacky to just brute-force my way through with my level just to gauge his skill. I’ll hold back a bit, too.
“Let’s see what the Spear Hero is made of.”
Sure enough, the old panda’s catchphrase has crept into his speech.
“Here we gooooo!”
The old panda swings his pipe at me. I dodge it, but I can sense that he’s using an upward slashing motion while simultaneously weaving his Ki into the strike to entangle me.
“Whoa, there.”
It also feels like he’s channeling Ki toward me to make it harder for me to brace myself. So I mix Ki into my spear to counter while parrying his attack, and in turn, I channel my own Ki back at him.
“Oh?”
I spin my spear to parry his attack, and the Old Panda immediately transitions into a thrust, trying to pull me in as if to scratch me. But I deflect that too, thrust my spear into the ground to create distance, and in turn, jab him in the torso with the stone tip. Of course, I weave Ki into it so he’ll be sent flying even farther.
“Whoa… this is amazing. My blood is boiling.”
The Old Man in the Panda Costume taps the ground with his pipe to divert my momentum as I’m sent flying, then lands and charges right at me. This time, it looks like a fluid combination of a body-check and a kick.
“W-w-wait a minute!”
I read his move and block it, but using my spear as a pivot, the Old Man Panda attempts a sweep followed by a spin throw. What an acrobatic panda. In terms of skill alone, isn’t he on par with not just Takt, but even Big Sister’s older sister? I fluidly parry that throw, land, and then swing the spinning old panda around before tossing him myself.
“Whoa! Not done yet!”
With an incredibly joyful grin, the old panda comes charging after me. His tenacity is incredible. It feels like he’s really enjoying the fight. And each of his attacks is infused with Ki. An inexperienced fighter wouldn’t stand a chance against this.
“Ooooh… Hah, hah…”
After that, I took a few more hits while occasionally counterattacking, but I couldn’t land a decisive blow. Just as the old panda stepped back to create some distance, he ran out of breath and began resting, using his pipe as a cane. My skill level is such that if I’d been a bit more aggressive, subduing him would’ve been easy. His technique is only slightly weaker than that of Big Sister from the first world.
“I’ve certainly witnessed the Spear Hero’s skill… Haa… Haa…”
The match is over.
“To go this far against an old man—the Spear Hero really is a monster, isn’t he?”
“I’ll admit that’s true in more ways than one.”
“How does he manage to pull off attacks and defenses like that?”
“His movements were just like something out of a kung fu movie. It looked like he was doing wire stunts or something.”
My fathers-in-law, who had been watching the sparring session between the Panda Elder and me, each shared their impressions. Their reactions were quite positive.
“His movements are remarkably fluid. Did you learn that somewhere?”
“Haa… haa… No, as I said earlier, I just picked it up by watching and imitating. A long time ago, on the battlefield against Melromarc, I fought a guy who was strong like a monster countless times. As I kept doing that, I naturally picked up similar movements and a similar flow of power—that’s how I developed my own style…”
So he fought strong opponents over and over, learned their movements, and refined them into his own fighting style. To call that “self-taught” is pretty amazing. I suppose I’m self-taught in a sense, too. It’s hard for me to tell whether I’m using my Ki consciously or unconsciously, though.
“I wonder how long ago it was… I really missed him after he stopped showing up on the battlefield…”
The old panda muttered wistfully. I suppose he must have been killed in action.
“To think I’d get to fight in one of those heart-pounding, blood-pumping battles again… I suppose it’s my age… no, maybe I just haven’t trained hard enough. It wouldn’t be so bad to get back into it in earnest… Lasa, I know you’re running away because you don’t want to learn from me, but is it really okay to just let things stay this way?”
“Give me a break. Just how much are you expecting from me? Besides, if anything happens, won’t the Spear Hero just sweep everything away anyway?”
“When I think back on the last war, I can’t exactly deny that…”
“That’s no excuse for slacking off. I was even thinking of asking you to come to the castle as a combat advisor so I could learn from you.”
“I’d rather not get thrown around every day, but I do think we should spread this style for the sake of Siltvelt’s future.”
Éclair and Zou are trying to get lessons from the Old Panda. The Panda’s face is turning into a “Ugh” expression.
“Isn’t it better to have the Spear Hero, since he’s the more skilled one?”
“If it’s about fighting, I can teach you, too.”
This is a great opportunity to show my Father just how capable I am.
“Well, Motoyasu-kun is busy with his Idol activities, so he probably doesn’t have the time, does he?”
Come to think of it, that’s true. My mission is to support the idol activities of the Filolial-sama. I really need to take it easy on my days off.
“Well, I’ve recorded the portal, so we can go back and forth anytime now. Lars-chan can also go back to her parents’ house with peace of mind.”
“That’s a bit of a downer, though…”
“Either way, Spear Hero, I’d love for you to spar with me again if the chance arises.”
“Yeah. I’ll ask you to do it for everyone’s sake, too.”
“Since Father asked me, I can’t very well refuse.”
It seems Father will praise me if I fight, so I’ll go ahead and spar with him. Above all, Sakura-chan and Kou are watching me with such delighted eyes! It’ll be nice to show everyone just how cool I am. So, that’s how we ended up visiting Panda’s parents’ house and coming back.
---
“—That’s pretty much how it went.”
My father was explaining the whole situation to Rival, who’d come over for dinner at Siltvelt Castle, as if sharing a travel story. Oh, and of course, this was right in front of Panda. It was the kind of explanation that stayed within the limits Panda would allow. Maybe Panda figures it’s okay since it’s just a friend—he’s just eating his meal in silence.
“W-what…?”
And now, the Rival who’d been listening to my Father is pressing a hand to his forehead. What’s the matter? Did he eat something poisoned and is about to die? Serves him right.
“Hey, Spear Hero. Don’t you have anything to say?”
“About what, exactly?”
“You’re totally playing dumb there.”
For some reason, the Rival is giving me a look like he’s mocking me! What’s that about! Is he planning to find another excuse to put me down again! This guy is definitely trying to bring me down after I gained some status from training with Panda’s grandfather.
“It was kind of the same with Raph, too. Could it be that you’re doing this on purpose?”
“I don’t understand what you mean.”
Why is Big Sister coming up in this conversation? She shouldn’t have anything to do with this at all.
“Panda, haven’t you heard that Hakuko’s wife is human?”
“Hmm… I’ve heard it secondhand, I guess. They say Hakuko’s half-human.”
“That’s definitely true.”
“So what’s the point?”
My Rival is being way too cryptic—it’s infuriating.
“Gaelion-chan, do you know something?”
“I do. In fact, I’ve met her not only in Ofumi’s wild world but in other loops as well.”
“Was there someone like that? The people I know are pretty limited.”
Who are you talking about? I remember what the Hakuko clan is like, but the only ones I know are the tiger girl who bravely defended Filolial-sama—starting with my Father—and her pathetic older brother.
“The Spear Hero—that’s the one you’re picturing in your mind. The tiger siblings.”
“No, no, the world is just too big for that. It’s definitely not them!”
“Why can’t you make the connection?!　You really are an idiot! A brother and sister with a seriously ill younger sister who’ve gone off somewhere—the Hakuko Clan is such a distinctive group; it’s definitely those two!”
“Stop calling me an idiot! The one calling me an idiot is the real idiot! You’re the fool!”
“Motoyasu-kun…”
My Father is looking at Rival and me with a gaze as if he’s looking at some pitiful creatures. See, Rival? You’re the idiot here!
“Since the timing’s right, we should just take them under our protection.”
“No, please wait a moment.”
At this point, the representative of the Shusaku clan—who had been silent until now—raises his hand.
“Given that they are of mixed blood, I think it would be best to avoid having the Shield Hero directly take the Hakuko Clan under his protection, if at all possible.”
“Is that… um, perhaps because of the domestic situation?”
When my Father asked, the representative of the Shusaku Clan nodded.
“Yes. It’s largely because they’ve achieved military feats recognized by the nation that the Shield Hero’s companions are accepted in their current form. If someone affiliated with the four representative races of Siltvelt were to join them now, it would inevitably involve matters of power…”
It seems it’ll be difficult for my Father to take care of the tiger siblings. Between tradition and the political climate, Siltvelt is quite a hassle in this regard.
“As for the events in the alternate timeline the Spear Heroes are discussing—not only are they heavily tied to what happened in Melromarc, but I suspect another reason is that the Shield Hero’s approval ratings hadn’t risen yet… Right now, within Siltvelt, the Heroes’ standing is rising rapidly—not just because of their actions in the war, but also because of their efforts to calm the unrest… so…”
“Yeah, I get what you’re saying, so don’t worry.”
He showed understanding toward the Shusaku race, whom Father was so concerned about. Well, there are surely various ways to go about it. In fact, in the loop I went through before, I left him with Trash.
“It’s not like I’m expecting you to protect me or anything, you know?”
“That’s not the only reason, you know.”
It seems Rival is pushing even harder here. You’re pretty persistent, aren’t you?
“Gaelion-chan, is there some other reason?”
“Of course there is. Or rather, I was planning to bring this up soon anyway, so this is perfect timing.”
My Rival nods here and then looks at me.
“To begin with, with the Spear Hero… and the Wise King of Wisdom still out there, why aren’t you doing anything?”
It’s hard to tell who’s in the know about these matters in Siltvelt. Only a few of the Trash have gone rusty, escaped, and are operating in the shadows.
Chapter 898 - The Filolial Boom [2018/09/25 10:00]
“No matter what that guy does, we’ll be able to fend him off. We just need to take him out the moment he shows up.”
“Even Gaelion doesn’t fully grasp just how threatening he can be when he gets serious. But even so, based on all the wild stuff that’s gone down in Ofumi’s world, I think we need to take precautions.”
“Um, Gaelion-chan, does this have anything to do with the Melromarc situation?”
“That’s right. If we introduce those Hakuko siblings to Trash, victory is guaranteed. It’ll really bring them down.”
My Rival spoke as if he knew something I also knew, as if it were his own business. It’s not like I didn’t say anything on purpose! I just forgot! I swear!
“Why?”
“Because those siblings are the children of Trash’s younger sister. The younger sister, in particular, is in terrible shape from her illness, but apparently, if she’s treated with medicine, she looks exactly like Trash’s younger sister.”
“Huh!?”
“The Spear Hero… that’s a case Naofumi and the others warned us about before. We should at least secure them.”
“Did you forget our earlier conversation? We can’t make them our subordinates!”
It’s impossible because of the country’s circumstances. Seriously, Siltvelt is such a pain in the neck.
“If we use the excuse that she has a connection to the Panda Clan to save her, and then make her a subordinate of the Panda Clan, wouldn’t things work out as long as Naofumi doesn’t get involved?”
The representative of the Shusaku clan pondered the Rival’s question for a moment.
“True… If it’s actually true that Hakuko is a relative of that Wise King of Wisdom, it wouldn’t be a completely impossible move… but it is dangerous in many ways. Is that information confirmed?”
It really is a difficult situation. We must consider the timing carefully.
“There’s no doubt about it. In fact, because of that incident, the Wise King of Wisdom has calmed down enough to put his hostility toward Naofumi aside.”
At this point, the Rival recounted a story—apparently gathered in the first world—about the Tiger siblings’ parents. Stories like how, after that Trash sister went missing, she more or less eloped with a child who was apparently the leader of the Hakuko clan—and that’s how the Tiger siblings were born.
“If we treat her properly, we could use her as a trump card in negotiations. As a representative of your country, what do you think?”
The Rival asked the representative of the Shusaku clan.
“…We should refrain from getting too close to the Shield Hero. If Larsazusa maintains only a personal relationship with him, we might be able to manage… It would also create a favor with Melromarc, and being able to keep that wise and prudent king in check would be a major advantage. Of course, we’ll need to exercise great caution.”
“It’s a problem when you go and decide things on your own, though.”
“Panda, if things stay as they are, those guys are in a tight spot. If the Spear Hero administers treatment now, it’ll solve any future problems. I don’t think it’s a bad deal for you—what do you say?”
Panda pauses briefly to consider the Rival’s words. Well, buying Yggdrasil medicine over and over again is a burden, after all. Or maybe he’s simply doing the math.
“…Will it really work? I’ve heard that even Yggdrasil medicine doesn’t cure it.”
“I can say that with absolute certainty. I’ve heard from others exactly where he is, so there’s no mistake.”
“…Well, if this means I won’t have to shell out any more money on this, I’ve got no complaints. That said, I still think taking care of this is just a hassle.”
“By the way, I also know where the guy your grandfather wants to meet is. To be honest, it’s creepy how perfectly Gaelion fits the description—it’s almost unsettling.”
Panda furrows his brows at his rival’s words.
“Since we’re at it, you should help recruit him.”
“What are you thinking, introducing him to Grandpa’s arch-enemy? Are they going to start killing each other or something?”
“Of course, it’s to get him to owe me a favor for the future and to do my part as a dutiful grandson. If they don’t get along, we can even aim for them to take each other down.”
“No, seriously, is that really a good idea? Shouldn’t we just try talking to him, at least?”
While Father scolded the Rival, the panda fell even deeper into thought. Heh heh heh… The Rival has finally started to slip up. Let him be disappointed by Father just like this.
“……”
“Lars-chan?”
Do you really hate that old panda’s training that much?
“By the way, I hear even the Spear Hero learned the basics from him.”
“It’s all thanks to my own hard work!”
I practically learned how to read the room from my Father and the others! In the end, I just listened to what he had to say to a certain extent.
“He’s not a bad guy, so I think he’ll at least listen to what you have to say. What do you say?”
“…Fine. Do whatever you want.”
“Huh? Is that really okay!?”
“Pandaaaaaaa! Are you backing out now!?”
“Well, it doesn’t seem like I’d lose anything even if I fail. And I’d really appreciate it if you’d stop calling me a panda.”
Panda has shifted the subject. What we’re talking about now is a completely different matter from that topic.
“…Honestly, thanks to Lord Gaelion being here, I can take various precautions in advance—figuring out things I couldn’t understand from Lord Kitamura’s explanation and finding solutions—so it’s a huge help.”
“That’s true…”
“Yes.”
For some reason, everyone present—including my Father—nodded in unison at Éclair’s words. Éclair, what exactly do you mean by that? I take exception to that implication that I’m incompetent.
“I’m doing my very best to explain things!”
“Yeah. I know that. I’m always grateful. It’s just that Motoyasu-kun isn’t very articulate and tends to forget things easily, so Gaelion-chan is simply filling in the gaps for him.”
My father spoke in a very gentle tone, as if trying to reason with me. But that’s unnecessary consideration! Right now, that kindness just makes me even more frustrated. Grrr… You rival!
“If Naofumi—who possesses the skill to enhance the effectiveness of medicine—or the Spear Hero administers it, both of them should recover.”
“Yggdrasil potions are expensive, though… Do you think you could arrange for that? Or would we have to gather the ingredients and make them ourselves?”
“I can certainly arrange that. It’s a bit pricey, but I suppose it can’t be helped. Above all, setting aside issues between races and speaking purely from a personal standpoint, I want to help as well.”
The Shusaku guaranteed it.
“Then I’ll leave it to you. I’ll treat it as an investment in the future… and I’ll do my best, too.”
“Thanks to you heroes, Siltvelt’s financial and food supply issues have improved, so please don’t worry about it.”
“That’s a relief.”
“So, I’ll go treat the person who’s Lars-chan’s grandfather’s arch-enemy, and Motoyasu, can you take care of the Hakuko siblings?”
“Of course! I, Motoyasu, will definitely rescue the Tiger siblings!”
If it’s my Father’s order, I have no choice but to obey. I’m not happy about being sent to mediate with a Rival, but there’s nothing I can do about it. So, even though I was extremely reluctant, I set out on a business trip to the monster merchant’s shop in Zeltoble, where the Tiger Siblings were based.
I handed the monster merchant in Zeltoble a letter of introduction from my Rival and another from the monster merchant in Siltvelt.
“Well, well… the Spear Hero. I’ve heard that our nephew was treated quite favorably by you in Melromarc. Thank you for coming. Yes.”
This is the monster merchant that Father used to do business with in the previous loop. In this loop… ah, that’s right—I bought up all of Filolial-sama’s eggs from the monster merchant in Siltvelt.
“Thank you for your continued support.”
“And… oh my, this must be Lord Larsazusa, the fighter known by the famous epithet ‘Bamboo Grove.’ Zeltoble has become rather quiet lately.”
“Are there any interesting characters around?”
“With the Queen of Earthquakes gone, Zeltoble isn’t very exciting these days. I think things will liven up again with Larsazusa’s return. Yes.”
It seems Panda is, after all, somewhat famous even in Zeltoble. I could make a big splash if I wore the Filolial Mask, but since I’m busy with my Idol activities right now, I’ll just keep it in mind as a way to make some money down the line.
“That said, though… I’ve got the work I’m doing right now, so I can’t exactly go around groveling… I’d do it if I got permission, but even then, it’s a question of whether it’d actually be any fun.”
Apparently, Panda has raised her level and stats quite a bit alongside her Father and Rival. Since she hadn’t mastered Ki yet, she was getting taken down by Old Man Panda’s techniques, but I’m sure she’ll be able to handle that level of challenge in no time. If a fighter like her were to enter the Colosseum, I think she’d rake in a fortune, don’t you? After all, she’s basically undefeated.
“The fighter making a name for herself lately is the one called Nadia. I’d say it’s only a matter of time before she gets a nickname.”
Oh? Ren seems to still be in hiding, as usual. He’s not an Itsuki or anything—how long does he plan to stay hidden away in Zeltoble? I’d guess he’s just wasting his time leveling up deep in the mountains of Zeltoble. It’s about time for the revival of Cal Mira Island, so he might show his face eventually. Ren’s ability to lie low is probably limited to that extent.
“Huh… I’m looking forward to the day we can fight each other.”
“By the way, this Nadia. Apparently, she’s quite the heavy drinker, and she’s become popular in Zeltoble for that reason as well. Yes.”
“A heavy drinker, huh. Someone who can beat me… Well, the world’s a big place, so I suppose there must be someone out there.”
After the panda fell silent for a moment, she corrected herself. That must be my Father! Oh? For some reason, Big Sister’s older sister flashes through my mind, but I’m pretty sure her name is different… It must just be my imagination!
“So, what brings you to our establishment this time?”
“There should be a pair of Hakuko siblings staying here.”
“I’ve got a little business with them. You must have some idea where their money’s coming from, don’t you?”
“Ah, I see.”
“Just because you’re asking doesn’t mean we’ll back down if you try to reel us in, you know?”
The panda, who looks a lot like my Father, is threatening the monster merchant in some way.
“If you pull any funny business, who knows what that famous Spear Hero might do.”
……This negotiation style is just like my Father’s from the first world. It seems safe to say there’s a common negotiation style in this area. After all, the Father from the first world also seemed to be more of a tough guy when it came to rough stuff.
“Oh, how terrifying. Do you really think we’d pull a stunt like that against the famous Larsazusa and the Spear Hero?”
Of course I think they would. My father from the first world used to say, “Those guys will do anything for money.”
“I don’t know about that. The fact that you’ve made a name for yourselves in Zeltoble makes you seem suspicious, too.”
“Then I’ll take that to mean it depends on our future relationship. Yes, sir.”
“Also, are you selling Filolial-sama?”
“The Spear Hero… You still want one, even though there are already so many of them?”
“Of course. Not only have I been saving up little by little lately, but thanks to Yuki-chan and the others’ hard work, our profits have gone up.”
Come to think of it, we haven’t been getting much from the thieves lately. Thieves are a resource, you know. Dragons are resources too! As for the Shieldfreeden issue, wouldn’t hunting dragons solve it? I’ll talk to my Father about it next time. But more importantly, it’s about Filolial-sama.
“I plan to keep expanding the lineup. By regularly introducing new faces, Filolial-sama’s popularity will skyrocket.”
Our goal is to create that large-scale idol group my Father was talking about.
“I’m terribly sorry, but due to the Spear Hero and Shield Hero promoting Filolial primarily in Shieldfreeden and spreading the word across the region, demand has skyrocketed, and we’re constantly running out of stock. So it’s difficult to provide them right away. Yes.”
“Wow… it’s a Filolial-sama boom, isn’t it! Well, I suppose that can’t be helped!”
Even if I can’t buy them here, I should head to the Filolial-sama producers I haven’t been able to meet during this run. They’re sure to have them for sale there.
“Are you sure? There’s a chance they’re just using nice-sounding words to cover up the fact that they won’t sell to the Spear Hero, you know?”
“Ah, that’s certainly possible. Why won’t they sell Filolial-sama to us?”
“Isn’t it because you messed something up in Melromarc?”
What on earth is Panda talking about? I just bought up all of Filolial-sama’s eggs from the monster merchant in Melromarc.
“Absolutely not!”
The monster merchant in Zeltoble replied, sweat pouring down his face like a waterfall. Does that mean he’s lying?
“I take pride in my business. While I do enjoy deceiving customers with lies, I detest misrepresenting the goods I sell. Yes!”
“I know it’s a bit odd for me to say this, but isn’t that a bit much…? They’re still a bunch of people I just don’t get.”
“So, does that mean Filolial-sama really is sold out?”
“I’ve heard that the Spear Hero spares no expense when it comes to Filolial-sama. I deeply regret that we weren’t able to prepare for this. Yes.”
“Well, looks like it’s true, then.”
It seems the Panda has taken the monster merchant’s words—spoken with a look of frustration—at face value. It appears there’s no mistake here.
“I suppose there’s nothing we can do about it.”
“To begin with, Spear Hero, are you even allowed to increase the number of Filolials without the Shield Hero’s permission? Aren’t you just going to end up making him roll his eyes again?”
Chapter 899 - Whirlpool of Love [2018/10/02 10:00]
---
It’s true—this might be the kind of matter we should discuss with Father. Since we share the common goal of spreading the word about Filolial-sama, I imagine it’ll come down to deciding exactly what steps we’ll take to make the purchase.
“It’ll be fine.”
“I think we should think it over a bit more, though.”
“So, is it just that you’d like to purchase a Hakuko-type warrior slave? Got it.”
“That’s right. I’d like to see them right away.”
“This way, please.”
And just like that, we were led to the tiger siblings’ place. It was a scene similar to what I’d seen during the loop when the Big Sister from the first world had come through the dimensional rift. It was the sight of a tiger boy tending to a tiger girl whose entire body was wrapped in bandages. The brother looks young, but I suppose that means he hasn’t reached the required level yet.
“I believe these are the slaves you’re looking for. Yes.”
“……”
Panda silently approaches the cell to look inside.
“…What the hell? This isn’t a sideshow.”
The tiger guy says this to the panda, who’s watching from outside the cell. When it was my turn, I just walked right in and showed him the Yggdrasil potion; the tiger guy reluctantly checked it over and over before finally letting me give it to him. For some reason, the tiger girl seemed a bit more hesitant to run away. Something about being scared of a maddening mass of love approaching her or something like that.
“Well, I don’t know…”
The Panda muttered, looking deeply moved.
“What should we do?”
“Spear Hero, you know what to do, right?”
“Of course I do!”
Once we went inside, I signaled the monster merchant, and he unlocked the cell door.
“W-what are you planning to do?!”
When the Panda and I entered the cell, the Tiger Man came to greet us.
“Should I just say it’s time for the medicine?”
At the Panda’s words, I shook the Yggdrasil potion I’d been handed to show him. The Tiger Man furrowed his brow and approached us. Perhaps because the Panda is a Beastman, he seemed slightly less wary. Then the Panda took the bottle from me and let the Tiger Man sniff it. Though I feel like he wasn’t very suspicious when I did it either.
“It’s Yggdrasil medicine!”
After sniffing the bottle like a dog, Tiger Man answers honestly.
“Are you worried it might be poison? Feel free to check it as much as you want.”
“……”
Tiger Man stares intently at Panda.
“I can’t afford the medicine anymore… or is it the match?”
“Don’t you think the aid might have arrived?”
“Huh? No, that’s…”
He seems different from when he came to give me the medicine before—he’s hesitating in his response to Panda. Well, I suppose this guy’s got his own issues. After all, he’s even sharing a bed with my Father. I guess they get along well.
“You’re really keeping me in suspense.”
“…What’s your goal?”
“That’s right. There aren’t really that many reasons for me to be here, are there?”
“I suppose so. So, does that mean you’re my next employer? I’ll pay you back for the medicine by fighting. Is that okay?”
“It’s helpful that you’re so easy to deal with, but that’s not all, you know.”
Torao tilts his head at Panda’s reply.
“I’ve got a few things I’d like you two siblings to do for me, but fighting isn’t the only option, you know.”
“I don’t really get it.”
“You’re such a rough-and-tumble guy. You don’t have to overthink it. Anyway, is it okay if we give your sister the medicine?”
“Yeah… but if you pull any funny business, I’ll kill you!”
Huh? Tiger Man stepped aside without a fight.
“Well then, Spear Hero, I’m counting on you. It’s gotta be you, right?”
“Of course.”
At that, the Tiger Man furrowed his brow as he turned his gaze toward me. But I have no idea what he’s thinking. I approached the Tiger Girl with the Yggdrasil medicine in hand. I’m pretty sure back then, too…
“Is there someone there?”
Lying there, coughing repeatedly and wrapped in bandages, was someone who, at first glance, looked nothing like the Tiger Girl. Of course, since she can’t see, her face is almost entirely covered in bandages.
“Hii… it’s like a blazing, fierce sun, yet a maddening whirlpool of love!?”
“Atla!? Hey, are you okay?!”
The tiger man runs over to the tiger girl, just as I’ve seen him do before. But as I’ve thought time and again, she’s a girl who can only be described as incredibly fragile. I can’t even begin to imagine that she’ll grow to the point where she’ll throw herself into the path of the Phoenix’s self-destruction to protect everyone. But… she is a truly valiant and admirable Tiger Girl. If she hadn’t protected us, not only would my Father and Filo-tan have perished, but Filolial-sama and even I might have died as well.
“B-Big Brother… please get out of here quickly! Otherwise, the flames will… Ah!?”
“Atla’s scared!? Don’t get any closer!”
The tiger man said to me in a flustered tone. Hmm, this is a bit of a confusing turn of events. Well, I’m sure it’ll be fine if I give her some Yggdrasil medicine.
“I don’t know how to put this… Spear Hero, are you really someone I can trust with this?”
“Of course! Hey, Tiger Girl, I have no intention of harming you guys. So I’d appreciate it if you’d just listen to me.”
This line worked on the Tiger Girl before, after all. It’ll be fine.
“Big Brother, you mustn’t disobey him. It’ll be too late once something happens. Please, don’t do anything to upset him.”
I appreciate how quickly this is wrapping up, but why is this guy being so subservient? I haven’t done anything, and I don’t intend to do anything. I simply respect him as a person—as the benefactor of my Father and Filolial-sama. I’m here precisely to repay that debt of gratitude.
“B-but!”
“Brother… I beg you. You absolutely must not show any hostility. Do not resist. Just let them do as they please.” It’s my lifelong wish…”
“Atla… ugh…”
Weakly, the Tiger Girl clutches her brother’s arm and pleads. Meanwhile, the Tiger Man glares at me as if to say he’ll kill me with his eyes alone, all while holding her hand.
“Hey… doesn’t the atmosphere feel a little off?”
The panda lets out a exasperated sigh at this point, but if you let it bother you, you’ve already lost. I moved closer to the tiger man, crouched down, and brought the medicine close to the tiger girl’s lips.
“Here, drink this. It’s medicine to save you.”
“Y-yes.”
“Atla…”
“I’ll be fine… Big brother, please be happy…”
“Kuuuuuuu…”
“I wonder why these two are acting like this is their final goodbye…”
The panda says that, but I made the Tiger Girl drink the Yggdrasil potion. I’m not feeding her poison or anything. If I were going to give her poison, it’d definitely be the Crimson Swine. The Tiger Girl swallows it down without a fuss.
“Phew… phew…!?”
The effect is dramatic, isn’t it? After all, my Father from the first world found all sorts of items that not only boost the potion’s effectiveness but also support various recovery skills. My spear has those kinds of skills, and I’ve mastered them all. There’s no doubt the effect is stronger than it was back then.
“My body… feels so light…”
The Tiger Girl’s cough stopped completely, and her stamina has recovered to some extent.
“My skin…”
It seems her wounds are starting to heal quickly beneath the bandages.
“That’ll do for now.”
Since I managed to get her to take the medicine properly, I stand up and step back. The tiger man and the tiger girl are both discussing something, but it seems the tiger man is starting to realize she’s on the road to recovery. Of course, since I can sense Ki, I can tell that it’s starting to overflow from her entire body. She should be able to walk in a few days. That is, if she realizes it herself.
“Well then, there’ll be a lot going on from here on out, but you’d better do exactly as we say. From what I hear, you won’t need to take that medicine anymore.”
“How can I believe that?! But I’m grateful you saved Atla’s life.”
“That’s fine. We’ve told you we have our own reasons, haven’t we?”
“Yeah… My name is Fohl. I’ll work to pay for the medicine from now on, so please take care of me.”
“Is ‘Atla’ okay as a name for your little sister?”
“Yeah.”
By the way, according to my Father from the first world, Torao was strangely hostile back then. In my case, I’m not quite that hostile. I wonder what accounts for this difference?
From what my love sensor picks up, I can tell it was probably just the fear that his sister might be taken away from him. After all, Tiger Girl was constantly making her moves on my Father. I can understand that—it’s all in the name of love.
I’m not so tactless as to interfere with other people’s romantic affairs. However, I can’t really let them meet this time. If the opportunity arises, I wouldn’t mind lending a hand. And while they’re busy registering the tiger guys as slaves, I’ll ask the Panda:
“Aren’t you going to mention that you were helping them?”
“It’s a hassle to make people feel awkward by letting them know for no reason…”
It seems the Panda intends to keep quiet. He’s the type who finds human relationships a hassle. Is being clumsy just part of his nature? He’s a bit different from Father, though.
“Well, eventually I’ll tell him that my parents took care of me. I just haven’t decided when yet.”
Even as he said that, Panda was looking at Torao with a slightly amused expression.
“Is that the kind of person you like, and that’s why you dislike Father?”
I’m pretty sure this guy’s role was supposed to be a Siltvelt assassin sent to seduce Father, wasn’t it?
“What are you talking about?”
“It’s a romance with the child of your first love, isn’t it?”
“Sorry, but that’s not my thing. What do you take me for, anyway? Seriously, every single one of you…”
And just like that, we’d secured the Tiger siblings. The tricky part is that we can’t take them to Siltvelt Castle. Because of that, we’ve decided to have them stay at my parents’ house until Panda finishes treating them—though she seemed rather reluctant about it.
---
Meanwhile, my Father headed to the address I gave him—that of an old woman living in a nearby village that appeared during the last wave in Melromarc—and managed to get her to take the Yggdrasil potion. After a few days, the effects kicked in. The brave and fearless old woman regained her vigor, and upon learning that my Father was the Shield Hero striving to save the world, she apparently promised her cooperation.
“Aww, man!”
“Come onnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!”
It was quite a sight to see the old panda and the elderly woman training energetically at the panda’s family home before heading out on a hunting expedition to level up. At first, the moment they encountered each other, they immediately started exchanging blows.
“Hehehehe… I never imagined I’d meet an old comrade-in-arms at my age. You never know what life has in store, do you?”
“That’s my line! This time, I’ll surpass you with my own strength.”
“I won’t let you surpass me that easily! I’ll reach new heights and train those who protect the Hero!”
“Then let’s go!”
“‘Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!’”
Well, they’re certainly going at it with gusto. It seems their fighting spirit is burning not on the battlefield, but in this battle between old friends. My Father, who’s kept his distance from the Tiger Men, is watching the two of them train.
“Wow… they seem incredibly energetic. Even though they were so weak before… I’m afraid they might just collapse like a dead battery.”
“Unfortunately, they were full of energy right up until they were killed in battle.”
My father looked over at me with a “Huh?” expression.
“Apparently, they were revived afterward. What incredible HP.”
“Isn’t that just hovering between life and death?”
That may well be. Of course, I plan to improve this old woman’s abilities as well, in preparation for the future. I won’t let her die in battle like what happened with Takt.
“These old folks sure are full of energy… I mean, this has turned into a situation I’d rather avoid. I wish they’d both just keel over somewhere.”
“Even Lars-chan is saying that, too.”
“I’m thrilled! After all, this means I can get closer to my ‘original self’ from the first world, just as Lord Kitamura of that school said!”
Éclair seemed quite excited and was asking the old woman to teach her all sorts of things. Although she was evaluated as having slightly lacking natural talent, it seems she’s making up for it with her enthusiasm. Panda, who was forced to accompany her during her subsequent training, began to work even harder, saying that the only time she felt at ease was when she was on guard duty for her Father. In the end, I suppose it turned out to be a positive experience in many ways, didn’t it?
That’s the kind of slightly idyllic life we’ve been living lately. Seasonally speaking, things are starting to pick up on places like Cal Mira Island. However, I asked my Father to increase the number of Filolial-sama, but he politely turned me down. Apparently, right now is the time to focus on maintaining Yuki-chan and the others’ popularity rather than bringing in new faces.
I suppose he has a point. If there are too many Idol Filolial-sama, I imagine it might be hard to remember all their faces. Still, I can’t shake the feeling that it’s a bit of a waste.
That’s how my day off went, filled with that kind of restless anticipation.
“Well, what should I do today?”
Apparently, my father has an inspection tour in Siltvelt today with Panda and Sakura-chan or something like that. This day off feels like something both my father and I agreed on—it’s a scheduled day of rest. It’s my father’s consideration, I suppose—even a hero would collapse if they worked day and night without a break. By the way, my Father from the first world also let me take breaks fairly often.
Chapter 900 - The Spear Hero's Splendid Day Off [2018/10/09 10:00]
"Oh, Kitamura."
When I go to the castle garden, Kou comes running over to me. It’s unusual to run into him here.
"Oh? It’s Kou, isn’t it? What’s up?"
“Well, you see—Elmero’s working, but he said it’s okay if Kou doesn’t come, so I’m minding the place. We promised to play again around snack time.”
Lately, Kou’s been getting along really well with Zou. Zou’s quite the caretaker, isn’t he? By the way, Kou’s also pursuing a career as an Idol. Even though he’s a boy, he’s pretty popular. He dances gracefully in the back with everyone else. His singing seems to be on point lately, too.
“What kind of games do you play?”
“Well, Elmero leads us in choir practice so we can all sing together happily. Even though his voice is on the lower side, it carries really well—it’s amazing!”
Hmm… Come to think of it, I’ve noticed lately that the Filolial-sama’s singing has improved even without me supervising them. There’s a Filolial-sama who sings with a slightly operatic style. I remember Kou used to sing that way, too. I wonder if Zou taught them that?
“So—Kitamura. I’m bored waiting to play with Elmero—isn’t there anything fun to do?”
“That’s true…”
It’s my day off, too, and I was thinking about helping Yuki-chan and the others, but maybe she was being considerate—she told me to just do whatever I wanted today. So, there’s no doubt I’m really bored. At times like this, playing with Filolial-sama, who’s bored just like Kou, is probably the best option.
But since Kou and I are finally alone together, it’d be nice to play a game that’s a little different from usual.
“Well then, I’m going to play with Kou. Just the two of us guys—let’s play a game we can’t play with Yuki-chan and the others.”
“Whoa! What is it? What are we going to play?”
Kou’s eyes are sparkling as he listens to the new game I’m about to teach him.
“That game is, quite simply… picking up girls!”
This is something I used to enjoy back in the day—a very fun way to enjoy meeting new people. Come to think of it, I haven’t done it in a while, but it’d be nice to give it a try around here. Back in the day, I used to do some pretty gross stuff with pigs, but now’s the time to take on a new challenge.
“What’s a ‘pick-up artist’?”
“To do that, we’ll have to head out.”
“Got it! Let’s go to Kitamura!”
“Of course!”
I climbed onto Kou’s back—who had transformed into Filolial-sama—and set out from Siltvelt Castle. And so… while guiding Kou, we wandered aimlessly until we spotted our target.
“Gua Gua”
“Guaa”
“Gua”
We found them after leaving the town below Siltvelt Castle and passing along a road a little way from civilization. They were wild Filolial-sama.
“There they are!”
“Oh, it’s the Filolial-sama! Are we going to invite them, too?”
“That’s right. Picking them up and having fun together is what ‘picking up’ is all about. If you’re up for it, let’s go ahead and recruit them right now.”
Come to think of it, we might be able to increase our ranks with new faces without having to buy eggs or Filolial-sama from the monster merchant. Since wild Filolial-sama are a very close-knit group, it might be quite difficult to persuade them, but not trying to recruit them would be a mistake. This way, my Father will surely forgive me.
“Alright then, Kou, I’ll show you how it’s done first.”
“Got it!”
I climbed down from Kou and quietly approached the Filolial-sama, being careful not to startle them, while slowly taking out some jerky and fruit.
“Filolial-sama, Filolial-sama, please hear me out.”
“Gua?”
The wild Filolials noticed me and began to show interest in the dried meat and fruit. Since these items are quite expensive, they should be delighted.
“I’d like to give you these as a gift.”
I placed the dried meat and fruit in front of the wild Filolial-sama and stepped back a little. The Filolial-sama, intrigued by the scent, snorted as they approached, sniffed the offerings, and began pecking at them.
“Gua!”
“Gua-gua!”
The wild Filolial-samas happily began eating the dried meat and fruit I had offered them. Ah, what a blessed joy. After confirming that the Filolial-samas’ wariness had eased slightly as they ate, I approached them, one step at a time.
“I’m glad you’re enjoying it. Since we’re here, why don’t we take a little stroll around here for a while? And then we’ll have a fun meal together.”
“Gua?”
The wild Filolial-sama tilted their little heads. This feeling of cultural exchange is a very fresh and enjoyable experience. My goal is to gradually earn their trust so I can pet them.
Actually, recruiting them as new Filolial-samas might be a good idea this time. If I take care of them, there’s a high chance they’ll end up with a build similar to Filo-tan’s. While that’s a good thing, as a new Idol, I think I’d like a bit more variety. After all, my rivals have analyzed that my Father doesn’t view children as romantic prospects, so to gain a deeper understanding, we might need a Filolial-sama who looks more like a Big Sister.
Chick from the first world is a perfect example. She was a capable Filolial-sama who served as Filo-tan’s right-hand woman.
There’s the idea of having my father raise a new Filolial-sama, but Sakura-chan might get jealous. In fact, when my father was raising a new Filolial-sama, Filo-tan looked a bit envious. There wasn’t any fighting or anything, but for Filo-tan’s sake, I can’t very well go out of my way to do something like that.
“Gua!”
Filolial-sama replied cheerfully, as if she’d already agreed to the walk. She’s following right behind me. It’s quite heartwarming. So, I’ll take a short stroll and enjoy some quality time with Filolial-sama and the others.
“Now, please wait here for a moment.”
“Gua!”
I told the wild Filolial-samas that and returned to Kou, who was standing a short distance away.
“First, you invite them like this. What do you think? This is how grown men play.”
“So this is how a grown man plays—I don’t really get it, but I want to try it too, Kou.”
Kou doesn’t seem to fully grasp the fun of it, but he appears willing to give it a shot. I have high hopes for his growth as a young boy.
“Well then… go talk to Filolial-sama over there.”
I point to a Filolial-sama standing a little ways away from the ones I’d spoken to—one who’s yawning boredly, and another resting by the water.
“Got it!”
Kou takes the dried meat from me and, with a “puff,” transforms into Filolial-sama King and toddles over. Ah, Kou is taking a little nibble of the jerky on the way over. I can tell just by watching his back.
“Hey—my name’s Kou—nice to meet you—um—can I tell you a story?”
“Gwa!?”
“Guaaaaah!”
“Guh!?”
The moment Kou transformed into the Filolial King, the wild Filolial-samas stood up and bowed their heads in unison. Kou offered the dried meat to the wild Filolial-samas, just as I had demonstrated.
“Here, this is a present!”
The wild Filolial-sama approached the offered dried meat with nervous expressions and ate it timidly. Kou, you’ve made a bit of a mistake there. They’re on their guard. You have to be friendlier!
“I’m so happy you accepted it, Kou—since you’re here anyway, why not come with me?”
“Gua!”
“Gua gua!”
“Guaaaaaaaah!”
At Kou’s words, the herd of wild Filolial-samas is following right behind him. There are more of them than the Filolial-sama I invited. Or rather, the Filolial-sama I invited have gotten mixed in with the herd and are tagging along now.
“Is this how it’s supposed to be?”
“Y-yes, I suppose so.”
This is… could it be that everyone has gone over to Kou’s side? I, Motoyasu, never imagined it would turn out like this. I never would have guessed Kou had such playboy tendencies… His future is going to be terrifying.
“Anyway, the pickup was a success! Well then, let’s spend some fun time playing with the Filolial-sama for a while!”
“Ooh!”
“Gwaaaaah!”
“Guaaaah!”
And so, with me riding on Kou’s back, we spent a delightful time in the meadow near the highway—joyfully racing with the wild Filolial-samas, hunting monsters to gather food, and repairing the carts and other belongings owned by the Filolial-samas.
A little past noon, with the wild Filolial-sama’s nerves now settled, I was petting them and preening their feathers. What a blissful time. While preening Sakura-chan and Yuki-chan’s feathers is nice, this isn’t half bad either.
So, I got everyone excited by telling the Filolial-sama stories about sparkling treasures and clothes. After all, in the first world, they really enjoyed listening to these kinds of topics. We even got excited discussing how to make things like glass shards and broken sword fragments look beautiful—not just pointlessly expensive gems. So, I polished up a piece of glass I’d found as a drop and showed it to them.
“Guaaaaah…”
Everyone’s completely captivated by the sparkling glass.
“This is a present, too.”
“Gua!”
When I handed the polished glass shard to a wild Filolial-sama, they were delighted.
“Um… I don’t really get what Kitamura’s saying, but he’s saying, ‘Thank you for the delicious food, for fixing my cart, and for the beautiful things!’”
Kou is acting as our interpreter. At some point, Kou started chatting away in Filolial-sama’s language.
“That’s wonderful to hear. Now then, Kou, I’d like you to explain something while we’re at it.”
“What?”
“It’s a rare chance to meet them. I want you to tell them, ‘Let’s cherish this encounter and aim to become Idols together with me, won’t you?’”
“Hmm? Got it. Kue-kue.”
Kou starts chatting with the wild Filolial-sama.
“Gua?”
“Gua-guaa…”
“Guaa”
Kou, nodding repeatedly, turns his face toward me.
“‘Huh? An Idol who sings and dances?　That sounds fun!” This one said, and the next one said, “But isn’t this the Spear Hero we heard about?” So when Kou replied, “Yeah,” she said, “The Queen said even if the Spear Hero invites me, I’m not allowed to go with him.”
“What…?”
Is this a decree from Her Majesty Filolial-sama? This… isn’t Her Majesty trying to cause me trouble; rather, it’s out of concern for her valued subjects.
I, too, recall having to persuade troublesome parents back in the day when I was socializing with pigs. Looking back now, I think they should’ve just shipped the pigs off, but I suppose they were wary of handing over pigs they’d raised with such care to some unknown dealer without a second thought. I can certainly understand the feeling that it would be a shame to just hand over someone like Yuki-chan to some unknown nobody, Filolial-sama. Of course, that wouldn’t apply if the Filolial-samas themselves sincerely wanted to go with that person.
But the Big Filolial-sama has a sense of responsibility that’s proportional to its massive size. It probably won’t let you recruit a wild Filolial-sama so easily. Now is the time to show your sincerity.
“Then please show me through to the Great Filolial-sama. Let’s talk another time. Please tell them I said, ‘I’d really love to meet them.’”
If it comes down to it, I wouldn’t even mind helping the Great Filolial-sama make their Idol debut.
“Kue-kue.”
Kou acts as our interpreter.
“Gua!”
The wild Filolial-sama nodded in response. After that, a slow and pleasant time passed for a while.
“Kitamura, isn’t it about time for Elmero to arrive?”
Kou looked at the sun and pointed out that the time was drawing near.
“Oh? Is it that late already?　Well then, let’s call it a day and head back.”
“Got it~”
And so, we said goodbye to the wild Filolial-sama and headed back to the castle.
“Kou, what did you think? This is what hitting on people is all about—it’s a game where you enjoy making new connections.”
“Hmm? I don’t really get it!　But, somehow, everyone was rubbing up against me!”
“You’re quite the ladies’ man!”
“I’m a ladies’ man!”
HAHAHA, maybe romance is still a bit too early for Kou. By the way, I remember that in the first world, Kou fell in love with a monster modeled after Big Sister.
---
So, here’s the thing. A few days after I asked the wild Filolial-sama to contact the Great Filolial-sama, about five wild Filolial-samas showed up near the castle.
“Gua-gua!”
They’re chirping at us in a friendly way. Seeing them, my Father said,
“What are they saying?”
“Well, let’s see—”
“Gua-gua!”
“Gua-gua!”
“Gua-gua!”
“It sounds just like how Sakura-chan pronounces ‘Idol’…”
“Yeah, that’s what they’re saying.”
“Does that mean they’re candidates who want to become Idols?”
Oh, we’ve successfully scouted them! However, Filolial-sama didn’t come. He’s such a busy person, so he probably couldn’t spare the time.
“Fitoria says she’d like us to cut her some slack on this.”
“Cut her some slack… Well, it seems Motoyasu-kun asked Ms. Fitoria to talk it over… A sacrifice…”
“Hmm…”
Éclair nodded in agreement. A sacrifice… I have absolutely no idea what kind of situation would require Filolial-sama to become a sacrifice. And so, the wild Filolial-sama has joined our Philoreal Idol Group.
Chapter 901 - Elephant Fan [2018/10/16 10:00]
Anyway, putting what happened later aside, this took place on the way home.
“Waaaaaah…”
In the town of Siltvelt, a squirrel-like Beastman child was walking around, crying and looking around as if searching for something.
“What’s wrong?”
Kou transformed into an angel right then and there and called out to the squirrel-like Beastman child.
“…I got lost. Where am I? I want to see my mom.”
“Um… where did you get separated from her?”
“The shopping district.”
“Then let’s look for her together, okay?”
The squirrel-like Beastman child nodded in agreement at Kou’s suggestion.
“Hold still for a sec—”
Kou tucked his head under the squirrel-like Beastman’s legs and gave a mighty heave to stand up.
“Whoa! That’s amazing! You’re so strong!”
“Yep. Kou’s strong! So, do you think we’ll find your mom?”
“Huh? Hmm… I can’t see her.”
“Then let’s go this way. Kitamura, come on!”
“Got it! Where could this kid’s mom be? She’s lost!”
And so, we made our way through the shopping district, searching for the lost child’s parent. However, far from finding the child’s parent, we end up getting swept up in the lively crowd.
“Hmm… Hey, this might surprise you a bit, but please don’t struggle—it’s dangerous.”
“Huh? Okay.”
Kou gently explains the situation to the lost child, and after getting their consent, he transforms into the Filolial King. With a “puff,” he changes form, startling those around him. Though in Siltvelt, where there are many Beastmen and others who can transform, people don’t seem all that surprised. Still, combined with his striking height, Kou now stands out even in the crowd.
“Is anyone here this child’s mom?”
“Here, right here!”
I can see a hand raised somewhere in the crowd.
“Ah! It’s her mom!”
And just like that, the lost child’s parent was found in a flash.
“I’m truly sorry for the trouble.”
The Beastman, the child’s parent, bows to me—Kou’s guardian. Since everyone in the kingdom knows I’m the Spear Hero, she was so surprised she nearly fell over.
“I’m glad nothing serious happened.”
“That’s a relief.”
“Thanks a lot!”
“W-well then… I’ll repay you someday.”
“Don’t worry about it.”
“Well then.”
And so, we waved goodbye to the squirrel Beastman and his child and left the scene.
“Hum, hum…”
Kou walks along the path back to the castle, humming to himself. But… seeing that exchange just now, I’m really happy that Kou has grown into such a kind-hearted child.
Suddenly, the image of Kou—who had been fiercely scolded by my Father after suggesting he wanted to eat a Mole—flashed through my mind.
That’s right. There’s a terrifying incident here that haunts Kou’s psyche. Without his Big Sister or her friends around, Kou would probably start saying he wants to eat little Beastmen.
“Kou.”
“What?”
“Why did you approach that lost child just now?”
“Huh? Was that a bad idea?”
“No, I think you did a very good thing, Kou. But I asked because I wondered if you’d approached him just because he looked tasty.”
At that, Kou furrowed his brow, looking slightly annoyed.
“Eh—I wouldn’t eat him! Kou isn’t that much of a glutton.”
Oh, this is trauma avoidance. It’s safe to assume he’s no longer in danger of punishment from Father. But how did things turn out this way? Could it be that it’s already too late…? Maybe he’s already been punished by Father without me knowing.
“Oh, but the old Kou might have thought about it—maybe.”
“Is that so?”
“Yeah. Elmero—you see, when I was looking at the little Beastmen in the castle and thinking they looked delicious, he taught me that I shouldn’t eat them.”
What?! So that elephant stepped in for the Big Sisters!? I knew they got along well, but this is quite a revelation.
“That’s good to hear.”
“Yeah!”
And so, we returned to the castle.
---
After that, I casually observed Zou playing with—not Kou, but—Filolial-sama and the others.
“Alright, everyone—let’s get our pitches in sync first—”
There he was, holding a conductor’s baton and teaching the gathered Filolial-samas how to sing in harmony.
“Ah…”
“‘Ah…’”
“Okay. Let’s sing again!”
“Okay!”
“Whoa!”
It certainly seemed like he was teaching them music thoroughly and with joy. A lively harmony echoed through the castle. Such pleasant singing voices.
I see. I’ve been pretty busy myself, so I hadn’t checked on things, but this is what’s been going on, then. It’s wonderful. Thanks to this elephant’s lessons, Filolial-sama and the others have naturally been improving their skills as idols. Since I don’t teach opera-style singing myself, this is great practice.
“Alright, that’s all for today.”
“Okayyy!”
“See you tomorrow!”
“See you tomorrow!”
I watch as Zou wraps up his fun singing session, says goodbye to Filolial-sama and the others, and heads back into the castle.
“Zou.”
“Huh? Oh, Spear Hero. Hello.”
When I called out to Zou, he greeted me in return.
“Not only did you teach Kou all sorts of things, but you were also teaching Filolial-sama and the others how to sing, weren’t you? Thank you very much for doing that.”
“Ah, yes.”
If he’s this capable, I suppose I’ll have to do my part to help him out as well. A favor for a favor, after all.
“As a token of my gratitude, I’ll allow you to get along better with my Father from now on.”
“Ah, thank you…?”
It seemed Panda was trying to win over my Father by positioning himself as someone he could rely on, but let’s push Zou a little more toward my Father.
“Um… Why are you giving me permission, Spear Hero?”
Zou is tilting his head in confusion. Well, it’s only natural that he’d feel awkward about me meddling in Father’s love life. But as Father’s loyal subordinate, I want him to choose his partner wisely. Specifically…
“You must protect my Father from Rival advances and win his heart.”
“Uh, uh-huh…”
“I’m rooting for you, too.”
Zou listened to me, looking as if he didn’t quite get it.
---
That evening, at the dinner table. Thanks to Father’s suggestion, we were all enjoying a pleasant meal together. Today, on a whim, Father had prepared a special meal just for us.
“Yum!”
“Hmm… Though we rarely get to eat it, Lord Iwatani’s cooking is truly exquisite.”
Sakura-chan and Éclair are both raving about Father’s cooking. Of course, Yuki-chan, Kou, and I feel the same way.
“Thank you. I saw something interesting on the menu for lunch today, so I tried recreating it to suit everyone’s tastes—what did you think?”
“I guess I can’t feed this to the chef… in a cruel way.”
“I think it’s delicious.”
Even Panda and Elephant are honest about my Father’s cooking. By the way, Rival has work at Shieldfreeden tonight and can’t make it. My Father was worried about that, but there’s no need to be.
“Ah, that’s right. Father, I’d like to have a word with you.”
“What is it, Motoyasu-kun?”
“Father, getting along with Panda is all well and good, but Zou isn’t so bad either. This guy’s a good Zou.”
“W-Wait, the Spear Hero…!?”
The elephant is looking at me with a somewhat troubled expression, but he’s just trying to be humble, isn’t he? I’m not oblivious! People—pigs, to be exact—have often called me oblivious or stupid, but that’s not true! Motoyasu, the capable man… I’ll make sure to show Father right here just how outstanding this elephant is. This is my way of thanking Zou for getting along so well with Filolial-sama and the others from the very beginning!
“Hm? I’m not quite sure what you mean—are you talking about Elmero-san?”
“That’s right!”
“I’m starting to think it might be time for Motoyasu-kun to stop calling Elmero-san ‘Zou,’ don’t you think?”
“Hmm? Is that so?”
“I wonder how much longer you’re going to call me ‘Panda’…”
“A panda is a panda. Just as an Éclair is an Éclair, you see.”
“No, it’s just that Lord Kitamura keeps calling me the wrong name, but my name is Éclair…”
Éclair seems to be protesting about something.
“Éclair is Éclair, after all.”
“…I’ve realized it’s easier for me not to worry about it, so please don’t make a big deal out of it. Just being recognized by Lord Kitamura as a human woman sets me apart from the rest. It would be a mistake to expect too much.”
“Ah… yeah. Besides, Lars-chan has transformed into a Beastman form too, just to make it easier to talk.”
“I was surprised that when I spoke to her in her Demi-Human form, she acted like she wasn’t even listening… In that sense, isn’t she kind of rare?”
Did something strange happen? Anyway, I’m Zou. Since we’re connected through Kou, I’ll try my best to remember your names.
“Um… was it Melon?”
“…No.”
Zou immediately denied it. Looks like I got it wrong.
“Just like with Eclair-san, why are they all dessert-themed…?”
Hmm, I’m pretty sure the name was something like that. Something like “Elmelon,” I think.
“Motoyasu-kun, who’s been getting called by all sorts of names this whole time but just remembers them haphazardly…”
“Actually, the fact that only Elmero is being called by his proper name by the Spear Hero here is kind of—”
“Panda, you’re being too picky. It’s because Melon is a good Zou.”
“Please, really, stop it…”
Melon seems troubled. I’m not trying to trouble Melon… I mean, the elephant. I just want to repay the favor he did me by guiding Kou.
“It’s a hassle for me too, so I’ll just let them call me whatever they want. I mean… by that logic, I think we’d have to call the Knights of Melromarc ‘humans,’ don’t you think?”
“I’m not exactly being called by my correct name either, though…”
“Now, now… So, what’s up with Elmero?”
After mediating like that, my Father asked me about Zou.
“As I was saying, Zou is a good Zou.”
“Yeah, that’s true. He’s serious, and he helps mediate between Eclair and Lars-chan, so he’s been a big help.”
“But that’s not all!”
I explained Kou’s problem to my Father.
“Filolials are actually surprisingly dangerous creatures, you know…”
For some reason, Panda said this with a distant look in his eyes. What’s that about!? Does he have a complaint against Filolial-sama or something?
“I can’t deny it. Before meeting you heroes, I thought they were gentle creatures…”
Even Éclair agrees. My Father is giving a wry smile.
“Hmm? Did Kou do something wrong?”
“No, I didn’t.”
“That’s right. I think Kou did something really good.”
Kou looks a little embarrassed after being praised by me and my Father.
“Ehehe…”
“It’s just… I’ve heard there’s a Kou who went through a very scary experience.”
“So there’s that much of a difference, huh… I wonder if Gaelion-chan knows about it?”
I did wonder why a Rival had to come up at that moment, but since she’s stuck in the same loop as me, she probably just wants to hear a different perspective.
“You’re welcome to ask him when I’m not around.”
I wouldn’t be happy hearing it from my Rival’s mouth, after all. But it’s a problem that definitely exists as a fact.
“Hmm?”
Sakura-chan is tilting her head, looking like she doesn’t quite understand.
“What’s Naofumi like when he gets angry? Like when there was poison in the castle?”
“That wasn’t really that scary, was it?”
“That’s true. It’s hard to imagine. Maybe like that high-pressure vibe at Shieldfreeden?”
Kou and Yuki-chan don’t seem to get it either. I knew it, I knew it. Even that Father from the loop didn’t get angry just for the sake of it. He steeled his heart and scolded Kou because he had Kou’s best interests at heart. So it’s only natural to be scared.
“That would have been such a terrifying experience that Kou would have become a coward.”
“Boo! Kou isn’t scared!”
“Kou, since Motoyasu-sama says so, it must be true. You should be glad you managed to avoid that.”
“It really doesn’t quite click, though. Especially considering how you usually act. Did you even jump on my back or anything?”
“Well, I try not to get angry too much myself, and as for that incident at Shieldfreeden, I only did what I had to because I had to be firm. That was… um, a bit mentally draining.”
My father seemed pretty worn out back then, too. I can’t compete with Filolial-sama’s noble feathers, but pandas do have really fluffy fur, after all.
“Iwatani isn’t scary, is he?”
“I’ve heard there are even some Kous who are afraid of him.”
“Boo! Kou isn’t afraid of anything!”
I suppose that’s just because Kou’s a boy. It feels like he’s arguing back because someone pointed out a weakness he hasn’t experienced yet.
“That said, you mustn’t make Father angry! It’s irreversible! Shh!”
You mustn’t traumatize Kou by saying the wrong thing! But thanks to Zou, we can rest easy now.
Chapter 902 - The Family I Don't Want Anyone to Know About [2018/10/23 10:00]
"You know... both of you..."
My father looks a bit exasperated.
"By the way, there was also a loop where Kou was well-behaved even without the trauma. That was the loop where I couldn't save my father, and he had to fight hard in Melromarc."
“Ah, so Lord Gaelion is the ‘Wild’ Lord Iwatani… I see—the bandits were a resource.”
“By the way, I heard that when he went hunting bandits again, he referred to it as a ‘harvest’ or something like that.”
“Lord Iwatani!”
“That was my parallel-world self! I didn’t do anything like that!　I’d also appreciate it if Motoyasu-kun wouldn’t say things that cause confusion.”
My father is giving me a dirty look. I was just having a conversation.
“Well… I’d really like to meet that Shield Hero of yours. It seems like we wouldn’t have to go through any trouble with him, since he wouldn’t pry into things unnecessarily.”
“Rasa…”
“Hmm… I do agree that you, Rasa, would probably get along well with that Iwatani over there. I’m sorry if that offended you.”
“It’s fine. So, Kou looks like he’s not afraid of anything—what are you going to do?　Are you going to stir up trouble and make the Shield Hero angry?”
“Ugh… Kou, I’m not scared of Iwatani.”
Hmm, I might have sparked something in Kou’s pride. But there’s a difference between Kou saying he’s “not scared” now and what he meant back then.
“I guess I don’t like being feared either… I don’t think there’s anything good that comes from making me angry, you know?”
“That’s right. Kou, you mustn’t overthink it. Everyone’s praising you for being such a good boy, after all.”
“Hmm… Okay.”
He seemed a little skeptical, but it looks like Kou understood. That settles Kou’s problem!
“Kou, you had such a fun time with Lord Motoyasu today! I’m a little jealous!”
Yuki-chan is looking at Kou with a hint of resentment.
“It was a fun time between two guys.”
“Pick-up line.”
Everyone present—except for Yuki-chan and Sakura-chan—froze solid like ice. Father is looking at me with a troubled expression.
“Hitting on girls… where, and with whom?”
“We went out of the castle to the grasslands and fed the wild Filolials, ran around, and played, right?”
“Well, in a broad sense, I suppose you could call that ‘picking up girls.’ Even though they were wild Filolials… but Kou is a male, so I guess you’re not exactly wrong?”
“It’s a man’s pastime. Encounters are important, after all. That’s how romance begins.”
Memories of nothing but pigs flashed through my mind, but there was no falsehood in how I felt at the time.
“I sort of get what you’re trying to say, but sort of don’t… Come to think of it, Motoyasu-kun is good-looking, and he’s from a world like a dating sim…”
“A dating sim where you hit on people…” my Father muttered.
“Next time, let’s go together, Father.”
“No, I’m fine… Besides, given my position…”
And with that, my Father gently turned me down. Even though we’re both heroes, is it something he can’t do because of his position? Approaching Filolial-sama is a wonderful thing, isn’t it?
Ah, I see. I understand what Motoyasu—I mean, my Father—is thinking now. He’s worried that he’ll be popular with the ladies and I might end up losing out. Back in the first world, when I rushed to join my Father, Filolial-sama and the others took a real liking to him, so he’s probably worried that might happen again.
“HAHAHA, no need to worry. It’s all part of the fun—seeing just how many times I get hit on!”
“You don’t get it…”
“I’d rather you didn’t do that too much.”
Yuki-chan looks a little displeased. It’s true—this might not be the best situation for her. But this, too, is part of a man’s worth.
“Yuki-chan, just as a woman’s charm increases when she’s ogled, a man’s worth increases when he picks up women. If you stay naive, you’ll become a hopeless man who lacks poise. It’s a man’s refinement.”
“I see! It’s the refinement of the nobility. As expected of Motoyasu-sama!”
Oh! As expected of Yuki-chan—she really gets it.
“I can’t deny there’s a subtle hint of aristocratic pretension there…”
“True…”
Éclair and Zou say something with a sigh.
“I think I’ll just stay innocent…”
Father mutters under his breath.
“That won’t do, Father! If you stay so naive, your Rival will get the better of you!”
That guy is after Father’s virginity! Don’t you think you need to build up some resistance so Father doesn’t get taken advantage of?
“You need the composure to fend off his charges!”
“Ah, yeah, you’re right, Motoyasu-kun. So, is the reason you’re rooting for Elmero-san because he taught Kou something good?”
“That’s right! He was singing happily with Filolial-sama, and he’s a good guy! I want you to get along with him too, Father!”
“Just saying that alone has led us this far off track… It’s exhausting trying to fathom the bizarre mind of the Spear Hero.”
What’s that supposed to mean? The panda’s complaining, but I’m not listening! To begin with, there’s no man as easy to understand as me.
“Yeah, I trust you, Elmero. You’re dependable, and your bodyguard work is solid.”
“I’m flattered.”
“You should get to know him even better.”
He’s a good elephant, after all. I’d like you to suggest that my Father play with Filolial-sama together. Lately, my father-in-law has been away—training at Panda’s family home and handling official duties against Rival in Shieldfreeden—so I haven’t been spending quite enough time with Filolial-sama and the others! When I made the suggestion, Panda’s ears perked up, and a smirk spread across his face.
“Sounds good to me! Since we’re at it, let’s pay a visit to Elmero’s family home and announce that the Shield Hero is here.”
His tone was quite brisk, and he was clearly quite excited.
“Lasaaa!”
Zou glared at Panda with a resentful look. What’s the matter? Does he not like it? Since it’s my suggestion, it’s bound to be a good thing.
“Lars-chan? Elmero seems to be kind of against this, though.”
“What’s the matter? Are you saying we can go to my house but not Elmero’s? Isn’t that unfair?”
“Ugh… I can’t argue with that. You really know how to put it, Lars-chan…”
“Hehehe, I want some friends, you see. Let’s go introduce the family we don’t want anyone to know about, Elmero.”
“Uuuugh…”
Zou responds to the panda’s words with a slightly resentful look, as if gritting his back teeth.
“Hmm… By that logic, should I—since I’m treated as a guest general—also show you my family home? Well, I’m a bodyguard, so my role is different from Lord Rasa’s and the others’…”
“Isn’t that right?”
“But, unfortunately, I lost my family in the first wave…”
“Ah…”
Panda seems to understand. After all, Éclair—which is also Big Sister’s hometown—is in ruins. I hear reconstruction has begun in this world by the Queen’s order.
“It’s fine for you. I’m sure it’s been tough for you. But Elmero is a different story. The Shield Hero? I won’t be satisfied until he goes.”
Panda is really pushing for this.
“Sigh… Fine. I guess I did ask Lars-chan to do something reckless out of curiosity. I really did stir up a hornet’s nest.”
“You sure did.”
“But I don’t regret it. Thanks to that, I’ve made quite a few discoveries.”
“I think you should learn your lesson a little, though.”
Father and Panda are having a friendly exchange. At that moment, the representative of the Shusaku race—who had been silently watching the proceedings with a smile—raises his hand.
“Then let’s contact the Puhant family. Is that all right?”
“Um…”
Zou grimaced deeply as he looked at his Father and the others, then nodded as if in resignation.
“Yes… I understand. As the Shield Hero of Siltvelt wishes… my family will do our utmost to ensure we don’t cause any trouble.”
I’m starting to get the feeling that something ominous is in the air. For some reason, Zou right now… gives off the same vibe as that thief who was in cahoots with my Father in the first world.
“I hope everything goes smoothly…”
Zou said, sounding a bit anxious.
“Elmero, was it Kou’s fault?”
Kou spoke to the subdued Zou with concern. However, Zou smiled at him.
“No, it was something we couldn’t avoid anyway, so this might actually be a good opportunity. So, you don’t need to worry about it.”
“Really?”
“Hmm…?”
“Yes.”
Zou smiled as if to say there was no need for Kou to worry, then brought his hand close to Kou’s head and stopped it there. Kou rubbed his head against that hand, letting himself be stroked.
Come to think of it, I get the impression that Zou interacts with others without using much force. It’s as if he’s trying to project the image of a gentle creature. The Zou I know has a gentle image, but in reality, he was a temperamental animal prone to injuring his keepers. In that regard, Zou is pretty close to his public image.
It also seems accurate that my Father is said to be fond of children. He’s concluded that caring for a child would be impossible given Zou’s massive size, so he’s definitely right about that. With a slight sense of unease hanging in the air, we decided to head to Zou’s parents’ house.
---
So, that’s why we’re heading to Zou’s parents’ house this time. Coming along are my Father, three escort knights, me, Yuki-chan, and Kou. Sakura-chan is visiting her Finacée at Father’s request. As expected, my Rival is currently busy with miscellaneous tasks for Shieldfreeden. We’ll use a portal to teleport to the nearest location within Siltvelt, then travel by carriage from there.
“Elmero’s family home, huh… It sounds like everything’s on a grand scale.”
“Ah, yes. That’s definitely true. But there are rooms for servants and guests, so we won’t have any trouble staying the night. Actually, if we’re staying overnight, maybe we should go back to the castle?”
Kou is carrying Zou on his back as he runs alongside Father’s carriage, chatting with him. He’s facing slightly backward.
“I wonder if we’ll get to see Elmero’s room?”
“I haven’t been in Lars-chan’s room, so I don’t think so.”
“Tsk!”
The panda is clicking its tongue. What a rude panda.
“No… I don’t think I even have a room there to begin with.”
“Oh, right. You left home to wander around, didn’t you?　So I guess my personal stuff’s been thrown out, too.”
“I didn’t have that much to begin with… Actually, I have more personal stuff in my room at the castle.”
“I’ve been to Elmero’s room—it was huge!”
Kou chimes in here. He’s pretty close with Zou, isn’t he? It’s good to be friends.
“I see.”
“Yeah. Elmero—apparently, his paintings are his treasures. It was a painting of Elmero and Mr. Mouse.”
“Huh, really?”
“Kou wants a painting with everyone in it!”
When Kou smiles, everyone smiles back. That’s quite a good suggestion.
“That sounds wonderful.”
“Mr. Mouse, huh? Is he a Beastman?”
“Super-large Beastmen like Elmero aren’t really good at detailed work. I’ve heard they hire servants and attendants to handle the menial tasks.”
“……”
Zou remained silent, gazing into the distance with an expression that made it impossible to read his thoughts. I seem to recall my father from the first world and Ren having expressions like that at times.
“That’s right. In Siltvelt, it’s a common symbiotic relationship where large Beastmen handle combat and physical labor, while small Beastmen and Demi-Humans fill in the gaps.”
“That actually sounds kind of good.”
“Of course… sometimes slaves are used for those tasks. Humans, too…”
“Ah… I see. I heard something similar the other day when I was talking with Her Majesty—that in Melromarc, Demi-Humans and Beastmen also handle heavy labor.”
“That’s right… it’s something my father had hoped to abolish.”
Éclair is joining the conversation. Judging by this exchange… it seems Zou’s family back home is a staunch proponent of slavery.
“Is Elmero’s family like that too?”
“…I doubt they’d actually show the Shield Hero that they’re using human slaves, though.”
“After all, I, my Father, and Éclair are all human. Our policy is to hide any negative aspects from my Father.”
“I have some strong objections to what Lord Kitamura just said…”
“Ah… yeah. Thinking back on everything that’s happened, I can see why you’d feel that way, but let’s let her continue, Ms. Éclair.”
Éclair seems to be wondering about something—did I say something odd? I see—she’s probably referring to my Father’s ability to hold his liquor.
“How rude! It’s true that Father’s tolerance is off the charts, but he’s still human!”
Chapter 903 - Flying Mode [2018/10/30 10:00]
"So it's coming my way, huh..."
For some reason, I get the feeling my Father has a distant look in his eyes. What's the difference here!? His tolerance for alcohol is perfect, isn't it?
"No, that's not it—I'm actually talking about Mr. Kitamura..."
“It’s true he’s insanely good with his liquor… He got me completely wasted and was still totally fine.”
“Lars-chan, don’t jump on the bandwagon.”
“Father absolutely never gets drunk!”
“It’s true he’s never gotten drunk. But that’s not what Ms. Eclair is getting at, Motoyasu-kun.”
For some reason, my Father says this to me in a gentle tone. I’m not quite sure what’s going on.
“We’ve gone way off track, so let’s get back to the point: you’re saying there might be human slaves at Elmero’s house, right?”
“Large Beastmen face certain inconveniences due to their size… I’ve heard that other proud Beastmen, for instance, tend to prefer slaves.”
“Huh.”
“Look, the races walking down that street over there are examples of that. However, I’ve heard that race tends to get along well with their slaves.”
Saying this, Éclair points out the people in the town from the carriage. They’re cat Beastmen. It looks like they’re accompanied by human slaves, but the slaves are well-groomed and seem more like personal porters than anything else. They seem to get along pretty well, actually.
“Cats? Ah, I’ve heard that with cats, rather than saying you ‘keep’ them, it’s more like they’re ‘kept’ or ‘cared for.’ So this is an extension of that, I suppose. They get along well, don’t they?”
“I get the feeling Lord Iwatani might be misunderstanding something, though…”
“Isn’t that a bad analogy?”
“Hmm… Anyway, while Siltvelt takes care not to give Lord Iwatani a bad impression, it is a country where human slaves exist. Please don’t forget that.”
“Yeah. So, Elmero’s family probably uses slaves too, right?”
“Yes… Well, they’re a powerful family within Siltvelt, after all…”
Zou answers in a nervous tone. Does he really not want to go that much?
“Elmero, did you hate it?”
“I’m fine. I figured this was an issue that would come up eventually.”
Come to think of it, he seemed to dislike it when Kou tried to address him by his last name. Does he really hate his family home that much?
“Things are looking a little iffy… but well, we should go pay our respects.”
And so, in that sort of mood, we arrived at Zou’s family home.
---
“Wow… It’s just as I imagined—or rather, it’s even bigger than I thought. Especially horizontally,”
said my Father as he looked out from the carriage at Zou’s family home. Outside the carriage stood a massive mansion set on a vast estate. What’s strange is that it’s long from side to side but doesn’t seem to have a second story. You could call it an Indian-style palace—decorations with that kind of atmosphere could be seen here and there. But the clothing was Western-style, so it had a rather jumbled feel to it. At the entrance to that mansion, several… mammoths were all gathered together, waiting for us.
“Welcome to our Puhant Domain, Shield Hero. Please consider this your home and make yourself at ease,”
said a rather elderly mammoth Beastman, stepping forward. For some reason, his gaze—or rather, the look in his eyes—is sharp. You can really feel his ambition radiating from him.
“I am Lizio Puhant, ruler of the Puhant Domain. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
“I am Naofumi Iwatani, the Shield Hero. I’m here to pay my respects to the family of Elmero, who serves as my bodyguard, and I’d like to thank you very much for this warm welcome.”
My father returned the greeting on behalf of the family. After that, we each introduced ourselves. Yuki-chan greeted us with an air of nobility, lifting her skirt slightly as she spoke. You’ve gained a lot of experience, Yuki-chan—you’ve truly grown into a lady.
“Well, you must be tired from your journey. Why don’t the Shield Hero and his party take it easy here at the manor to rest up and enjoy our welcome banquet?”
After we finished greeting the head of the household, Mammoth, the one standing next to him—who looked like a female mammoth—made this suggestion.
“Come on, Elmero. Don’t just stand there—show them around, will you?”
“Y-yes… Which rooms should I show them to?”
Prompted by the female mammoth, Zou nodded and asked, looking slightly flustered.
“That’s obvious, isn’t it? The Shield Hero will stay in the head of the household’s room, which was just opened today, and everyone else will stay in the guest quarters.”
As expected, you can tell there’s a certain distance between Zou and the household members. You can tell just from this exchange that he doesn’t understand the house rules. Or rather… since he’s Zou among the Mammoths, he’s completely out of place.
“No, I’d feel too awkward to stay in the head of the household’s room, and I can’t disregard the presence of the bodyguard knights. This time, I’d like to share a room with those accompanying me.”
My father skillfully declines the Mammoth family’s offer to show him around. Their ability to deflect such situations has improved considerably. Well, given how troublesome their first day in Siltvelt was, they’ve probably taken precautions.
“But…”
“Don’t worry about it. We’re the ones causing the trouble here.”
“Hmm… Very well. Elmero, show them the way.”
“Um…”
Zou is looking around nervously, shaking his head from side to side.
“You, really… Never mind. This way.”
And so, we ended up entering Zou’s mansion.
…It feels like we’ve turned into little people inside this mansion. Everything is huge. Not just the great hall—even the hallways are massive, and the rooms are so vast they could easily be mistaken for a gymnasium. On top of that, the mammoths gathered to welcome us are walking around near us, their footsteps thudding continuously.
We were then led to the guest room. It’s huge, as expected. It’s a four-poster bed. You see them in castles too, but this one is incredibly tall. It’s not that the bed is so high we can’t reach it, but it feels like we’re having to scramble up to get in.
“Well then, make yourselves at home… Elmero, please come see me later.”
“Yes. Got it.”
And so, we entered the guest room and settled in to rest.
“Hmm… It does feel like they’re welcoming us, at least.”
“Everything’s so big. We have things like this in certain sections of the castle too, but when everything’s this oversized, it’s kind of inconvenient, isn’t it?”
“You’re right. There seem to be some people who look like servants, but their rooms might actually suit us better.”
“Although they called it a guest room, I suspect it’s actually someone from the family’s room.”
“I see… You’re right; it does feel like a place where people actually live.”
Everything in this room is extra-large. There’s a desk, and there’s a bookshelf, too.
“The door meant for regular people looks like a cat flap—it’s kind of funny, though.”
Father points at the door and smiles. Then he walks over to the window and looks outside. The view is nice. There are large fields and such—the land seems fertile. It’s a bit on the chilly side, though. Looking toward the mountains, it looks like there’s still some snow left.
“Well then, I’ve been called, so I’ll be heading out.”
“Um, this feels like the kind of situation where I’m about to get called out for something—should I go too?”
“No, I think I’ll get more information if I go alone—it’ll help me understand the current situation here.”
Hmm, that’s true—at that rate, he probably won’t slip up in front of my Father. In terms of gathering information, Zou might be right. Zou places his hand on the doorknob with a slightly anxious gait.
“Elmero, are you okay?”
Kou asks with concern. Zou turns around and gives a faint smile.
“Yes, I’m fine.”
With a click, Zou left the room.
“I’m kind of worried…”
“That Elmero guy looked like he didn’t even know the layout of his own house.”
“Indeed. If he’d lived here before, I’m sure he’d know it by heart.”
Yuki-chan replies while checking the mansion’s decorations. It’s true—I can’t imagine someone rebuilding such a large mansion over and over again. Not knowing the layout of that mansion is proof that he’s only lived there for a short enough time to not know it.
“…That exchange made it clear at a glance that this wasn’t a familiar home for him.”
“It’s like he’s the only Zou among countless mammoths…”
I feel like I’ve caught a glimpse of the Darkness surrounding the elephant’s house.
“Wasn’t she wandering around because she couldn’t inherit the family estate?”
“That’s what she told her mercenary buddies—though she did go on and on about being a knight.”
“Was she adopted or something?”
“I don’t know the details. I think the quickest way to find out would be to ask her directly.”
“It feels a bit awkward to be asking so many probing questions after coming all this way. Compared to that, it was much easier to ask questions at Lars-chan’s place.”
“Hmm, that’s certainly true. They were good people.”
“Tch!”
Here, the panda clicks its tongue. That’s rather rude.
“…I wonder if Elmero’s okay.”
“Should I go scout things out?”
“I suppose that’s a good idea, but…”
My Father turns his attention toward the door.
“They’re standing by under the pretense of providing security. Sneaking past them looks like it’ll be a real hassle.”
“You’re right.”
Was it at that very moment? The sound of a knock on the door echoes through the room.
“Excuse me~”
A mammoth carrying a large pitcher enters the room.
“I brought this so you can drink water anytime. The water here is meltwater from the snow—it’s considered one of the finest in Siltvelt. We’ve also used high-quality ice, so please help yourself.”
This mammoth’s gait—with that slight sway in the hips—somehow resembles a pig strutting like a model. Plus, there’s a strange indentation in its outfit. It’s even wearing false eyelashes… quite a flashy mammoth, indeed.
“Shield Hero~ I’m so sorry about what happened the other day. I really wanted to apologize for what happened back then—”
“Ah, I thought I’d seen you somewhere before—you’re the girl from the castle baths, aren’t you?”
“That’s right. I’m sorry about what happened back then.”
“Yeah. Don’t worry about it. Thanks for bringing me the water.”
“So, Shield Hero, since we’re here, would you like me to show you around the mansion’s garden?　I’ll even wash your back while you’re bathing, okay?”
Father is subtly signaling for her to leave, but the Flashy Mammoth shows no sign of backing down. Finally sensing the tension, Panda and Éclair stepped in between them.
“Excuse me.”
“You’re standing a bit too close, aren’t you? The Shield Hero seems to know he apologized, so isn’t it fine?”
It looks like Keba Mammoth’s eyebrows twitched slightly at Panda’s words.
“As his bodyguards, may we accompany you on the garden tour?”
“……Yes, of course. This way, please.”
It seems Keba Mammoth will be giving us a tour of the garden. It’s quite a large garden, so perhaps they’re growing something there.
“Kou, I’ll wait here so I can explain to Elmero that Iwatani went to the garden when he gets back.”
Kou is making it clear right here that he’s not going. I suppose Kou is worried about the elephant in his own way. All right, I’ll have to do my best, too. I’ll send a subtle signal to Father with my eyes.
“Well then, I’ll stand by as well.”
Yuki-chan must have sensed it too, as she went along with it.
“In that case, I’ll wait in my room, too.”
“Oh? …Well then, count on you, Motoyasu-kun and everyone.”
“Leave it to us.”
Saying things like that, I leaned back against the shadow of the bed to avoid Keba Mammoth’s gaze and struck a salute pose.
“Alright, this way.”
It felt a bit forced, but Kebamammoth didn’t seem to notice. And so, my Father and the others were led out to the garden by Kebamammoth.
Just as Kebamammoth was about to open the door and step out, I went into stealth mode and followed right behind my Father and the others. Perhaps Kebamammoth wasn’t interested in anyone but my Father, because even though I’d vanished from the spot, he didn’t even notice.
And the moment he stepped out of the room, he swiftly moved in the opposite direction from my Father and the others. He was heading toward where the elephant’s footsteps had led. However… as expected—or rather, this mansion seems to be quite vast. Reconnaissance is going to be a real pain.
“Hmm…?”
Just then, it looks like one of the mammoths is heading this way. I tried to slip past while still hidden, but I sensed the mammoth was about to turn its head toward me, so I stopped.
“I thought I felt a very slight vibration—have the slaves or servants… disobeyed my orders?”
It muttered something like that while scanning the area with its eyes.
“…Must have been my imagination.”
Perhaps because it couldn’t find anything, the mammoth tilted its head and walked away. It seems to be quite sensitive to footfalls. No, wait—was it vibrations rather than footsteps? It must be sensitive to vibrations coming from the ground.
It seems there are some surprisingly capable creatures out there. This is quite a hassle. If it were a Rival, I’d probably be able to fly past without being noticed.
I’ve got no choice, so I’ll go with the “Flying Mode”—a candidate for my third form that’s still under development. I’ll use my spear to create a Windmill, spin at high speed, and float through the air as I move. Of course, I’m using Magic to cancel out the sound of flight and the wind pressure.
Flutter, flutter, flutter!
Chapter 904 - Mouse [2018/11/06 10:00]
After flying for a while, it occurred to me that if I combined my bare feet with Magic, I might be able to absorb the impact. So I landed and searched the mansion on my bare feet, being careful not to make a sound. That’s when I heard the voices of the mammoths.
“Well then, the Shield Hero has arrived at the mansion of our Phant family. This is a perfect opportunity to demonstrate that our clan is indispensable to Siltvelt—but at the same time… Elmero, I must set the record straight regarding the misconception that you are our representative.”
“…The Shield Hero said he wished to visit this house through me, but…”
“Shut up. You should be grateful just to be allowed to sit at the very bottom of our clan’s hierarchy! You’re not even supposed to be allowed near the Shield Hero in the first place! And yet, you’re getting all high and mighty just because you captured a single brat and claimed it as a military feat!”
I wasn’t able to enter the room, but it seems Zou is here as well. Still, that’s quite an arrogant lecture.
“……”
I can hear Zou’s breath—it sounds almost like a sigh.
“Sunny, Fwan. You two must absolutely make a good impression on the Shield Hero! Your chances are during bath time and bedtime—you must not miss these opportunities!”
“‘Yes!’”
“As for the rest… have him watch tomorrow’s hunt, then protect the Shield Hero from the monsters you’ll secretly release there to win his favor! At that moment, Elmero! You must make it look like you were too incompetent to protect him!”
“That’s…”
Hmm… It takes some nerve to try to set a trap for my Father. I feel like this alone is enough information to corner these guys, but this information will likely be passed on to my Father by Zou beforehand.
“What’s this! Do you have a complaint or something! I was finally going to raise your rank from the lowest rung of the clan, and yet you’re turning down my goodwill like this—what do you think you’re doing!”
“...I didn’t mean to...”
“You’re a disgrace to the clan. Mother is so sad.”
“Ah, even though your older brother and sister have inherited such strong bloodlines… why are you like this?”
“Take a cue from your cousin, Rumes.”
Hmm, they really are an unpleasant bunch to listen to. This is definitely heading toward a ‘Destroy’ outcome.
“Ugh… The Shield Hero, is it…? I’ve heard he’s a lowly human, but since he’s a legendary hero, we absolutely must have his blood mixed into our lineage. That will certainly add prestige to our clan. The day we surpass the Four Representative Races is drawing near.”
“……”
“So, assuming we’ll have welcome music played tonight… what should we have our servant musicians play…?”
It certainly seems like the Mammoth Clan is a hotbed of conspiracy. Also, it looked like they were briefing Zou on their so-called strategy for what’s to come.
Eventually, the elephant wrapped up the meeting and, looking utterly exhausted, began making his way through the mansion. I thought he might be heading to the room where my Father and the others—Kou and the rest—were waiting, but it seems not. His shuffling gait lacks any energy. He looks completely worn out.
Eventually… with a screech, Zou entered a dusty room that looked like a storage area. Then, he removed a floorboard at the back of the room… took out a box, and opened it. Out came a painting that looked like a large picture frame, and something that resembled a combination of a microphone and a megaphone. Also… a large handkerchief, perhaps?
Zou is smiling wistfully as he looks at these items. Shall we take a closer look? In the picture frame… what is it, exactly?
It’s a painting of Zou smiling with his hands pressed together, holding an elderly mouse-like Beastman. It looks like an oil painting, doesn’t it? I can imagine this is probably the same thing Kou was talking about. And the handkerchief Zou is holding looks like the cloak the elderly Beastman is wearing.
“Lady Rainy…”
Zou muttered under his breath, and though he seemed to be shedding a few tears… as the footsteps of other mammoths approached, he hurriedly packed the items back into the box, returned it to its original spot, and hid it away. After that, Zou retrieved cleaning supplies from the storage room… and it seemed he was being made to clean the mansion. Of course, this was deep in the recesses of the mansion, where his Father and the others were unlikely to venture. Just then, a small shadow approached Zou as if sneaking up on him.
“Lord Elmero, Lord Elmero.”
Hiding behind an object as if sharing a secret, the voice’s owner spoke to Zou. Then, as if Zou had sensed where the other was, he glanced around as if wary of watchful eyes before approaching the spot where the shadow lurked and crouching down. There… a rat-like Beastman was hiding. The size difference is immense, isn’t it?
“It’s been a long time.”
“It has been a while, Meir. I wonder when we last met?”
“Of course, I believe it was the last time you left the mansion, Elmero-sama. Even now, the memory of that moment is seared into my mind and won’t fade.”
“…Are you still working in this house? Didn’t I tell you to leave right away…?”
“I, Mii, could not bring myself to leave this mansion, just in case Lord Elmero were to return at any moment.”
I see… quite an impressive little mouse. To continue serving for years on end, even without seeing one’s master… that is truly admirable loyalty. However, Zou is placing a hand on his head in a somewhat exasperated manner.
“While I, Meir, am overjoyed to see you again, I am also deeply angered by the arrogant attitude of the people in this house.”
The mouse beastman, looking quite displeased, takes a step forward and asserts himself to the elephant.
“All of us who served Lady Rainy—myself included—rejoiced as if it were our own achievement when Lord Elmero distinguished himself and was selected as the Shield Hero’s escort knight. Despite that, the people of this household do nothing but badmouth Lord Elmero behind his back… and to top it off, as you may have gathered, they’re even plotting to steal the position of the Shield Hero’s aide-de-camp!”
The rat beastman is explaining all sorts of things to Zou. Naturally, my Father had already picked up on this. He’d often complained that whenever he participated in domestic events within Siltvelt, this sort of thing tended to happen. It seems Sakura-chan, Panda, Éclair, and Zou would step in to gently defuse the situation.
Well, apparently, on paper, Panda is the one holding that position? As for Sakura-chan… that’s out of the question!
“This is the very definition of shamelessness. I can only keep praying that divine retribution will fall upon those who seek to steal credit for Lord Elmero’s achievements…”
“You’re worrying too much. Besides, the Shield Hero is protected by Rasa, Eclair… Kou-san, and everyone else, so he’ll be fine. Sure, this is important too, but from my perspective, I’m worried about all of you—including you. Are you all right?”
The elephant gently places a hand near the mouse-beast’s ear, looking concerned. Then, the mouse-beast rubs up against that hand, using its body to let itself be stroked. That gesture looks familiar. It’s the friendly interaction that Kou and the other Filolial-sama use when dealing with the elephant. Did someone teach him that? Or is it perhaps the utmost act of consideration, born of concern over Zou’s own superhuman strength?
“…Neither harming nor sparing—the Phant family’s rule remains unchanged…”
Hearing the mouse beastman’s reply, Zou lets out a deep sigh.
“I send you money regularly, don’t I? You should leave this territory soon and move somewhere else. If you can’t escape, I’ll send someone to fetch you…”
“Oh, Lord Elmero… Your mercy is known to us all. That is precisely why we can endure it.”
Oh? Zou let out a visibly deep sigh.
“We’ll wait forever for you to be granted a fief and become a fine lord.”
Saying this, the rat-Beastman saluted.
“…It seems you have certain expectations of me, but once my duties as a bodyguard knight are over, I’ll go right back to being a knight of the open road, you know?　There’s no way I could ever become a lord…”
“But…”
“Anyway, leave this place quickly and find your own happiness. Nothing good comes from staying here…”
Just as she said that, a heavy thud echoed through the room. The elephant hurriedly resumed cleaning, as if rushing back to his post. He’s signaling to the rat beastman to leave with a wave of his hand. Seeing Zou’s attitude, the rat beastman reaches out, but his hand cuts through the air. Then the rat beastman turns the corner of the hallway at a brisk pace and heads deeper into the mansion.
Now then, Motoyasu, what’s the best way to gather information from here on out? It looks like Zou will keep cleaning for a while… It seems we’d be better off following the rat Beastman for now to gather more intel.
So, I’ll try to be as quiet as possible as I follow the rat Beastman. It seems he’s heading toward a low-ceilinged area that looks like a back entrance. From there, he exits through the back… and a little further away, there’s a somewhat run-down building that looks like a dormitory. From a quick glance, it appears there are the Rat Beastman’s companions… as well as human slaves marked with slave brands.
It looks like they’re all taking a break as they please. However, any voices that sound like conversation are quite faint. It seems they’re resting quietly to avoid making any noise.
“Meir, how did it go?”
A member of the same race as the rat Beastman calls out.
“I was able to meet Lord Elmero, but… he was his usual self. He didn’t live up to my expectations. He told us not to worry about him and to find our own happiness…”
“……”
The rat-beastmen have fallen silent.
“Still… it’s also true that we owe our current way of life to Lord Elmero…”
“Well… Lord Elmero treats us normally, but… as for us…”
The human slave joins the conversation, seeming troubled. It seems there are indeed various complicated circumstances at play.
“Since the Shield Hero is here anyway, shouldn’t we just go talk to her directly!?”
“But if you do something like that, your slave marks will activate. That’s not what Lady Elmero would want.”
“Ugh… what a hassle… Sigh… Even though that Lady Elmero has such a high status and immense power, she’s got more insecurities than anyone else.”
“Well, I guess that can’t be helped… Even among her own clan, Lady Elmero…”
Hmm… It feels like this is a good time to ask a few questions.
“Hey.”
“Hm? Didn’t I just hear a voice I don’t recognize?”
“I’m right here.”
I instantly cancel my concealment magic and the Cloaking Lance to reveal myself. The Love Hunter, Motoyasu, has arrived.
“Whoa!? What is that!?”
“You just appeared out of nowhere! Hey, didn’t you sense my presence or anything?”
The human slave confronts the rat Beastman. But the rat Beastman shakes his head with a look of surprise.
“I didn’t notice… Honestly, nothing at all. I think that’s some seriously impressive concealment skill.”
“W-who are you!?”
It seems he’s on his guard.
“Don’t you know?”
I twirl my spear around. Didn’t you see it when you entered the mansion in the first place? Ah, I suppose you didn’t see it because it was hidden. Maybe you’d be punished if you had seen it.
“Um, are you… the Spear Hero… perhaps?”
“That’s right. For certain reasons, at the orders of my Father… the Shield Hero, I was gathering intelligence.”
“The Spear Hero who displayed strength like a demon god on that battlefield against Shieldfreeden and Melromarc’s disguised army?”
“Would someone that famous even come to a place like this?!”
“Wait—if he has the ability to remain hidden to this extent… it might actually be possible.”
The rat-like Beastman called Meir quickly snapped back to his senses and stopped those around him. It’s a relief that he’s so quick to understand.
“So, Spear Hero, under what circumstances have you graced us with your presence?”
“There’s a lot I’d like to ask…”
What should I ask first? From my perspective, I owe Zou a certain degree of gratitude for setting Kou straight. But when that made an impression on my Father, it ended up sending me to Zou’s parents’ house. In other words, resolving whatever problem Zou is facing is my way of repaying the favor. From the looks of it, Zou’s so-called family seems to be hatching some ridiculous scheme. Well, there’s only one thing to do, then.
“I didn’t need to ask. Since you all seem to care so much about Zou, you’re hoping I’ll destroy this household full of arrogant, ridiculous fools, aren’t you?”
It seems they’re plotting a treacherous scheme against my Father. They deserve to die a thousand deaths.
“It’s time to slaughter every mammoth in this mansion. Hahahaha!”
“Who the hell is this guy!?”
“Oh shit!”
“Wait, please!　Spear Hero, please calm down!”
The rat-beastmen are clinging to me. What’s this about? If I wipe them out, the elephants should be happy, too.
“It’s true they’re infuriating creatures, but it’s also a fact that their presence maintains peace in the domain. Lord Elmero understands that as well. Please, at least don’t take their lives…”
Hmm… It’s just a hunch, but I get the feeling that if I went hunting mammoths, not only would my Father be angry, but Kou would probably get mad at me too. It’s highly doubtful that the mammoth clan and the Elephants are actually related by blood.
Come to think of it, the same goes for me and Filolial-sama and the others. Even though this rat-beastman isn’t related by blood, he seems to care deeply for Zou from the bottom of his heart. In other words, family isn’t about blood—it’s about bonds and feelings!
“I understand. For Zou’s sake—and for yours—I’ll let it slide this time.”
Chapter 905 - Housing Issues [2018/11/13 10:00]
“Um, are you probably referring to Lord Elmero? From what I’ve heard, it all started with a message from the Spear Hero, and the Shield Hero came to the Puhant family estate to investigate.”
“That’s right.”
“Whoa… So this is the Spear Hero? Is this really okay? Seriously?”
“Is this it?” That’s quite a thing to say. To tell you the truth, I am The Love Hunter!
“His strength is the stuff of legend. Not to mention the fact that he’s the one who cornered that Takt gang, on top of the folks from Shieldfreeden.”
The servants, Beastmen, and slaves are all buzzing with excitement. I knew it, I knew it. I’ve taken down both Shieldfreeden and Takt with this spear. You should take a good look at it. It’s a sacred spear blessed by Filo-tan and Filolial-sama, after all.
“So, Spear Hero, what would you like to know?　Is it about Lord Elmero? Or perhaps the Puhant family’s schemes?”
“I’d like to know pretty much everything there is to know. Though, if possible, it would probably be faster to just bring my Father here…”
“That would be an honor… but I doubt the Puhant family would ever allow such a thing…”
Well, they’re the sort of people who hide their servants and slaves even during inspections. They’re probably keeping track of my Father’s whereabouts at all times. That’s exactly why I’m gathering information myself.
“I could teleport you two—since you know the situation—to the castle… but before that, it seems my Father and the others are planning a banquet and various other events…”
I imagine Father and his party will remain at the Zou residence at least until nightfall. It’ll be tricky to find a plausible excuse to cut the inspection short. Well, since the Zou family seems to be underestimating Father, he’ll likely try to slip away once they slip up and use that as his excuse.
But… this all started out of my own goodwill toward Zou, who raised Kou so well. I’ll do my best to listen as much as I can. I’ll do my best to bring about a better outcome.
“Well then, let me ask. What kind of position does that Zou hold in this household?”
To be honest, it reminds me of a certain pig I encountered back when I was in Japan. She’s either the daughter of a well-to-do family or is looked down upon by her own family. After all, she’s an elephant in the mammoth clan. You can tell at a glance that there’s probably some reason behind it.
“Lord Elmero… within the Puhant family… despite being born to the same parents, was born as a member of a different race… I understand the cause lies with a family member from several generations ago.”
That’s what the rat beastman said. Apparently, within the Mammoth clan, the elephant was born as an elephant due to recessive inheritance. Because of this, he was the subject of ridicule within the clan, and it was apparently decided from the very beginning that he would not be permitted to inherit the family line.
Attitudes toward this vary widely even among the races of Siltvelt, but apparently, the family line isn’t passed down through a single heir. He was explaining some rather confusing rules… but it seems to be something akin to a surname.
It’s a surname, yet not quite a surname; he isn’t allowed to inherit the family line, but he can speak of his surname. It’s a rather baffling concept. It’s a bit like being a knight but not a noble, I suppose? In any case, it seems Zou was born with a predetermined place within the family.
And, partly because of his appearance—which didn’t resemble his parents’—he was raised as the lowest-ranking member of the clan, mistreated and deprived of parental affection.
“Upon witnessing such unfortunate circumstances, Lady Rainy-Janon took Lord Elmero in, effectively taking him into her care from the Puhant family.”
“Who is that?”
“He is a noble whom we, along with some other servants of the Puhant family, used to serve.”
At this point, the rat beastman took out a small image crystal and showed it to me. It was the elderly rat from the painting Zou had been looking at.
“I see… So he’s Zou’s foster father, then.”
“Yes. Lady Rainy was renowned in Siltvelt as a brilliant strategist, so given the debt of gratitude we owed her, her connections in talent development, and her influence, the Puhant family could not refuse.”
The rat beastman went on to praise the elderly rat as if it were his own achievement. Apparently, there are various anecdotes about him—such as how, during a major battle in Siltvelt in the past, he saw through the strategies of the Wise King and worked tirelessly to minimize casualties. It’s said that if it weren’t for this elderly mouse, it wouldn’t be surprising if Siltvelt had been driven into an even worse situation. As for factions, it seems he belonged to the Genmu faction. The elders do seem to get along quite well.
“Lord Elmero was taken in under the pretext of assisting Lord Rainy, and under the guise of ‘chores,’ he was taught a wide range of things—from general education to martial arts. I still remember the events of that time… It was a very leisurely and peaceful time.”
I could sort of tell that the lives of Zou, the elderly mouse, and the servant mice were peaceful. The story unfolds about the life shared between the young Zou—who had been raised in contempt since before he could even understand right from wrong—and the small, elderly mouse.
At first, the elephant seemed frightened, but thanks to the elderly mouse’s devoted encouragement, he gradually opened up—such were their days at the elderly mouse’s mansion. The elderly mouse took on the role of teacher, instructing the elephant in various things—apparently even teaching him martial arts. It’s truly a mystery how they managed the size difference. I suspect they must have used Magic or something of the sort.
Although he was a strategist, he was also said to have military achievements, so it’s quite possible he was quite capable in close combat as well. In this world, levels and ability scores—statistics—are what matter, so size isn’t everything. Even a mouse with high Attack Power could easily send an elephant flying. I’m sure that’s how he handled the elephant.
“After all, in his youth, Lord Rainy experienced a bloody feud within his own race and had no children of his own… so he doted on Lord Elmero as if he were his own son… Do you know what Lord Elmero excels at most?”
“Isn’t it fighting?”
According to Panda, he’s said to be one of the top five warriors even in Zeltoble. His movements were slow and heavy, but he seemed to have almost no openings. In fact, he even used that slowness as a decoy.
“Lord Elmero has a talent for music. Lady Rainy was particularly fond of his singing; she’d often request songs, and we’d even join in on the performance… We enjoyed it immensely as well.”
Come to think of it, Zou was practicing a chorus with Filolial-sama and the others. I suppose that was due to that influence. As for Zou’s singing… he certainly has a voice that carries very well. It was an operatic voice, you know. It seems he can sing other styles as well. The mouse servants all agree that Zou is a good singer.
“Why on earth was someone like Zou working as a mercenary?”
That old mouse himself is nowhere to be found. There are various possibilities—maybe they had a fight, or he was forcibly taken away—but based on my experience from my days as a pig, it’s probably that the old mouse died. The mouse Beastman’s expression darkened slightly as he answered my question.
“Well… it’s because Lady Rainy passed away at the end of her natural life, and with no heir to succeed her, the Janon family was disbanded.”
“Couldn’t Zou have taken over?”
I’m asking about a common outcome based on my experience dating pigs.
“As for Lord Elmero inheriting the Janon House, Lady Rainy undoubtedly foresaw that the Puhant House and various other houses would intervene… She must have been aware of the power dynamics after her own death as well… She did leave a will and such… but she couldn’t fully protect that member of the Genmu clan…”
“And so, the servants of the Janon family also ended up like this…” the rat-Beastman said in a tone of lament.
“When Lady Rainy was bedridden due to this matter, she said to Lord Elmero: ‘I’ll leave my knighthood in your care. If you don’t like it, leave that house… and go as you please, set out into the outside world. Nothing binds you. Please be happy, our songstress…” And so… Lady Elmero gave him a gentle push, and he accepted Lady Rainy’s words… After the funeral was over, he stayed at this mansion for a while before leaving the house.”
Hmm… Just looking at this background, it seems like a rather serious problem, much like those of the pigs. Well, the elephant’s situation is probably more serious than the pigs’. After all, the elephant is a good elephant. It would be rude to compare him to pigs. We’ve got to do something about this.
After all, Zou’s benefactor is also my benefactor. I must find a way to grant the Mouse Benefactor’s wish.
“Apparently, the reason he stayed at this house for a little while was to talk with the Puhant family about Lady Rainy, and to make sure her precious belongings wouldn’t be thrown away when she left the house…”
“It’s easy to imagine that the conversation didn’t go very well.”
“Yes…”
Given that family, it goes without saying that no matter how hard Zou tried, it would be like pushing against a door that won’t open or driving a nail into bran. It’s a waste of effort. It’s practically a given that they wouldn’t appreciate his efforts at all. That’s probably why he didn’t want to bring his Father along.
“So, Zou’s status as a knight was bestowed upon him by that fellow, then?”
“Yes… that’s correct.”
From there, he drifted from place to place, becoming a rogue knight who worked as a mercenary in places like Zeltoble. I suppose that’s how he came to live as the Queen of the Earthquake.
“Why do you two serve this household?”
“To protect the place where Lord Elmero can return at any time… and also, thanks to a little bit of Lady Rainy’s influence still lingering, just enough to ensure we don’t lose our jobs.”
The rat-beastman gave a wry smile as he said this. Even I could tell that smile was filled with loneliness.
“I understand about Zou. So, what is this household plotting? Presumably, they’re trying to strip Zou of his position—after all his achievements—and marry off someone from a family they favor to my Father… the Shield Hero, is that it?”
That much is easy to imagine just from their own conversations. It’s a messy family feud, isn’t it? It’s a problem that those snobby rich nobles used to get into all the time.
“Yes, that’s generally correct.”
Just as I thought. Based on my experience, I have a few solutions for this kind of situation… I hate to sound like one of those pigs, but there are various approaches I can take as a reference. What I often did was storm into the mansion with my companions and, riding the momentum, go to “pick her up”—shouting sentimental platitudes and emotional arguments to the snob, like, “I love you for who you are! I didn’t fall for you just because you’re rich! What’s so great about your family background anyway!” Then the pig would stop holing up and start doing all sorts of things—fighting the house or bolting out—and so on. It feels like it ends up solving everything, really.
“Spear Hero… please, help Lord Elmero.”
“Leave it to me.”
“He sounds like he’s going to say ‘I’ll slaughter them all’ again, doesn’t he?”
The slave points at me and says that. What’s that supposed to mean? It’s as if I’m the kind of guy who can only kill people. That said, it’d be nice to slaughter those mammoths who’ve been causing trouble for Father and Zou.
“If that’s what you want, it’d be easy enough to wipe them out without leaving a single corpse behind. That’d keep the peace for a while.”
It’d also be easy if the entire clan suddenly went missing. In my current situation, I could gather intel, infiltrate meetings where problematic factions are gathering, and use something like the Liberation Firefloor to wipe out entire rooms—leaving no bodies behind—making it easy to eliminate troublemakers. As for the evil factions exploiting my Father, the only solution is to eliminate them.
Come to think of it, when I first started the loop and arrived in Siltvelt, I probably should have looked for anyone holding a suspicious meeting and taken them out. Siltvelt isn’t exactly united, after all. Eliminating them secretly without leaving any evidence might be an effective strategy. After all, someone from the Mammoth clan might have been mixed in among those at the meeting. It might have killed two birds with one stone.
“Hey, hey, are you really sure this is okay!?”
“Hmm…”
Well, I suppose I can resolve this without going that far.
“It’ll be fine! Zou will definitely tear this house to shreds!”
There’s not much for me to do, really. Or maybe I should storm into Zou’s place and spout some passionate, high-sounding nonsense like I did to the pig? Zou is a great guy, and I do like him, but could I really express my affection with the same passion as I did back then?
……I don’t think so. Now that I’ve awakened to true love, Filo-tan is number one for me. I think I could say the same thing to my Father, but what’s the point of trying to win Zou over? This might actually be a job best left to Father. Or maybe I should leave it to Kou.
I’ll have to ask Kou about this properly. Do I love Zou as a member of the opposite sex—enough to love her for the rest of my life?
I have a hunch that Kou’s feelings for Zou are about the same as those of Big Sister and her friends. I remember that his attitude toward her isn’t the same as it was when he was close to the wife he created based on Big Sister. But who knows when that might change. Let’s try asking Kou about it in a roundabout way.
……I feel like I’m starting to understand how that guy felt when he introduced me to that pig back in middle school. He must have felt just like I do right now.
Of course, I’ll have to hear Father’s opinion as well. Judging by Zou’s attitude, Father’s support might be more effective. The time has come for me to pass on to my Father some spirited encouragement based on my own “pig” experiences.
“Hey, there’s this guy named Elmero who’s been whispered to by that guy and looks like he’s about to go on a rampage…”
“I-I hope he’ll be all right… And please stop insulting Elmero-sama.”
“Thanks for the info. Well then, I’ll be off!”
I’ve gathered all the intel I need. I’ll briefly go into stealth mode and resume my movement.
“H-he’s gone!”
“I haven’t gone anywhere. I heard what I needed to hear, so I’m just heading back.”
“A-all I can hear is his voice… What a terrifying technique…”
And so, having concluded my exchange with the rat Beastmen and their slaves, I returned to the room where Kou and the others were holding down the fort.
Chapter 906 - My Elephant [2018/11/20 10:00]
I slip into the room silently and reveal myself.
“I’m home!”
“Welcome home!”
“Welcome home, Kitamura!”
Yuki-chan and Kou greeted me cheerfully. To see the joyful faces of Filolial-sama and the others when I return after finishing a job… it truly is the greatest reward for The Love Hunter.
“It seems my Father and the others haven’t come home yet.”
“That’s right. It’s been quite a while, hasn’t it?”
Yuki-chan checks outside through the window. That flashy mammoth is probably giving your Father and the others a lengthy tour of the mansion. I can easily imagine that. Frankly, it’s a huge mistake to take up your Father’s time—who’s already so busy—just for your sake, but since security has been thinned out because of it, I’ll make an exception. Now then…
“Kou.”
I turn to Kou and ask.
“What?”
“Do you like elephants, Kou?”
“Yeah.”
“How much do you like them?”
“Hmm?”
Kou tilts her head slightly and stares at me. I look back at her earnestly.
“What do you mean?”
“I’m asking if you like Zou enough to marry her someday.”
“Hmm…?”
“I’m asking if you’d be okay with Zou belonging to your Father.”
“Hmm? Elmero is under Iwatani’s command, right?”
Judging by this reaction, it seems Kou’s feelings for Zou are similar to those of Big Sister and her friends. I was a little worried, but it turned out to be a needless concern.
“I see. No problem then.”
“I don’t get it at all!”
Countless question marks are floating above Kou’s head.
“Kou is still just a kid, isn’t he?”
“Boo! I’m not a kid!”
Kou is getting all worked up over Yuki-chan’s words. It’s a heartwarming sight.
“The time will come when Kou understands, too. That time you tried to pick someone up was just practice, after all.”
“Is that so? Kou, trying to pick up Elmero? Hmm?”
It seems Kou still doesn’t quite get it. Well, I suppose Kou’s love life is still a long way off. After all, the type of person Kou falls for is a bit off the mark by standard worldly standards. I can’t even begin to imagine what kind of person he’ll fall in love with next. Well then, let’s go explain this to my Father.
So, with that in mind, I started practicing Idol choreography with Yuki-chan and the others until my Father and the others returned. As I thought about that, I struck the Filolial Mask victory pose.
---
“I see. So that’s how it was… I had a vague idea, but…”
After a while, my Father and the others returned after finishing their tour with Kebamammoth. Apparently, Kebamammoth had originally intended to tag along and ask all sorts of probing questions right up until dinner, but it seemed like Panda and Éclair stepped in at just the right moment to bring them back. Then, to make sure no one eavesdropped, Yuki-chan and the others worked together to keep watch and use Magic to keep the conversation private. The topic, of course, was an explanation of the situation regarding the elephant.
“It’s a bit awkward for me to say this, since I’m the one who let him in, but the Elmero family is complicated, isn’t it?”
“How should I put it… it’s the opposite pattern of Lars-chan’s, isn’t it?”
“……That’s true.”
Panda furrows his brow slightly, but doesn’t seem to disagree.
“Family background and bloodlines can be a troublesome thing at times… Even among the nobles of Melromarc, there are rare cases where Demi-Humans are born, and I’ve heard that those who are born that way end up in quite a miserable situation.”
So there are similar stories floating around in Melromarc as well. With so many twisted nobles in that country, I suppose it can’t be helped.
“In Melromarc’s case… perhaps it’s the result of a noblewoman’s reckless dalliance—a dangerous romance with a slave or the like?”
“If it were a problem caused by the person themselves, that would still be better. But if, by some stroke of luck, a child resembling the mother were born from such a dalliance, and then several generations later…”
It’s easy to imagine a future where she’s cast out of her family for infidelity she never committed. Or perhaps they’ll just pin the blame on a slave or something and have them executed. Since Melromarc is a country where pigs hold the upper hand, it seems the pigs are often let off the hook for their misdeeds. It makes me want to vomit.
By the way, according to my Father from the first world, the reason Melromarc favors pigs is that it was founded by a pig who posed as the wife of a past Hero—or something like that. Apparently, the Crimson Swine itself interferes quite a bit, too.
“Ah… so that’s a possibility, huh. I’d assumed the child would be something like half-and-half.”
“There are all sorts of mysteries around here. By the way, according to Siltvelt lore, when the Shield Hero has a child with a Demi-Human, Beastman, the Demi-Human, Beastman blood is said to be strong and not diluted.”
“No, I didn’t want to know that.”
My Father is furrowing his brow deeply and looking troubled. Hmm… Is that my Father’s child? I can only remember it very vaguely. I do remember, though, that the child of Itsuki and the Stalker Pig was hyperactive despite having a negative personality.
“I see… So Elmero had foster parents who cherished him, huh?”
“I can understand the feeling of cherishing one’s foster parents.”
After all, Panda’s stepfather is a peacock Beastman. He probably understands that blood isn’t everything.
“From this family’s perspective, Elmero—who’s achieved unexpected success and risen to the rank of my close aide—is… a thorn in their side, I suppose?”
“That’s probably the case. They’ve already failed in their attempts to win over Lord Iwatani and been sidelined, and now someone they’d rather not even count as family has risen through the ranks. It’s hard to cut ties, but they can’t just let things stay this way.”
“So I guess they’re trying to find a way to replace him as a close aide… How short-sighted. Elmero should just tell him off.”
That’s how Panda wrapped it up.
All right, now’s the time!
Let’s give Zou a big push with Father. Now I can see a bright future ahead.
“So, Father! Let me speak from my own experience as a pig: if you tell Zou, ‘Do your best!’ or ‘I like you!’ or ‘You’re my Zou!’ then Zou will rebel against the family, and everything will work out smoothly!”
“Coming from Motoyasu-kun’s track record… I mean, if it works out, great… but… hmm.”
My father is crossing his arms and grumbling with a slightly skeptical look on his face. Is something off here? When it was my turn, things usually worked out just like this, didn’t they?
“Well, pigs and elephants are genetically different, after all.”
“No, that’s not what I meant…”
“Anyway, it’s all about momentum. Your passion can turn everything upside down.”
“Hmm… Well, I mean, I can sort of understand the sentiment? I’ll take your advice into consideration, though.”
“To begin with, I find it hard to agree with the way Lord Kitamura phrased that… I mean, what does he think women are…?”
Éclair seems to have some doubts as well. This isn’t going over well at all. What exactly is so wrong with elephants?
“Well, since it’s just a tactic that worked on pigs, I can understand why it’s difficult.”
“In that sense… no, never mind.”
“As always, things get complicated when the Spear Hero gets involved, don’t they?”
“If Lord Motoyasu said something like that to me, Yuki would give it her all to break through no matter what!”
Yuki-chan actually backed my idea here! I mean, she does have a certain air about her—like she’s part of the nobility or comes from a wealthy family. And with that air of refinement, there’s no doubt she’s nobility!
“I get that you’re all fired up… but hey, just give me a sec. I’ve got a few tricks up my sleeve, too. Or rather… it looks like the other guy might just shoot himself in the foot.”
It seems my Father has a plan of his own. Apparently, despite being a brainless musclehead by family lineage, he’s trying to use his head—but there are plenty of holes in his reasoning. So, we kept chatting until dinner was served.
---
And so, it was time for dinner. We were led to a room inside the mansion with a large dining table. The table, which was quite high, was piled high with food. It gave the impression of being mostly vegetables. I wonder who prepared this… probably the rat-beastmen and the slaves, right?
Anyway, the entire Mammoth family was seated together. Zou… was made to sit in the most inconspicuous seat, farthest away from Father. He looked a bit downcast.
“Elmero, Kou, I’d like to sit next to you.”
Seeing how anxious the Elephant looked, Kou volunteered to sit next to him. Aww, you’ve really grown up, Kou. It’s a world of difference from when you were making a fuss about wanting to eat moles.
“…Well then, I’ll make room. In exchange, I’ll take your seat.”
And just as if she’d been waiting for this moment, the Flashy Mammoth has Kou make room for the seat he was supposed to occupy, moving closer to his Father. She must have judged that moving slightly closer to my Father would give her an advantage. Without saying a word, the Mammoth family coordinated with just a glance and naturally switched seats. They’re maintaining a stance of aggressively courting my Father. By the way, I was annoyed that the Flashy Mammoth took Kou’s seat.
“Well then…”
With that, they began the traditional Siltvelt meal prayer. I suppose he’s a devout believer, at least on the surface. Even if he’s got something up his sleeve. Father also seemed accustomed to the routine and joined in the prayer. And so, a meal began that appeared harmonious yet was tinged with a subtle sense of tension.
“Is this the Elmero family’s home-cooked flavor?”
Kou asked Zou as he ate the dish that had been served.
“Yes, it seems so.”
His reply was a bit odd. Well, maybe he just said it without thinking. Or perhaps mammoths rarely cook.
“Hmm… there’s a lot here. Can I have some more?”
“Yes, please.”
Zou transfers food from a large plate to a small one… and then to an even larger one, placing it in front of Kou so he can eat. Kou opens his mouth in sync with the spoon Zou holds, loaded with food, and eats. It’s quite heartwarming. For some reason, this scene makes me think my father from the first world would say it looks like a parent feeding its chick.
By the way, just as Kou’s reaction suggests, the taste is ordinary. From Kou’s perspective—having grown accustomed to his father’s cooking—it’s probably a bit underwhelming. Yet he seems to have acquired the restraint not to voice that. Kou’s growth knows no bounds. I’m starting to feel quite proud, too.
“Hehe… I wonder if Elmero is smitten with a child like that? You really ought to take good care of the Shield Hero.”
Kebamammoth seized the moment to put Kou in a favorable light by downplaying Zou. That’s annoying. Know your place.
“……”
Zou is silently feeding Kou while gazing at him gently.
“Hmm… Didn’t he like it?”
“No. Look, he’s spilling food.”
Zou takes out a handkerchief and holds it out in front of Kou. Kou takes it and wipes his mouth.
“So, Shield Hero, I hear you inspected the gardens on our estate today. How do you like the dishes made with produce harvested from those gardens?”
The elderly mammoth asks my Father.
“I think it’s wonderful. The flavors of the ingredients really come through.”
Father replies without a hitch. Well… the flavors of the ingredients do come through clearly. That’s a standard phrase he uses when responding smoothly. In the first world, whenever my Father ate truly delicious food, he’d just say, “Hmm…” and eat in silence. Or rather, as far as I know, he’s never offered a critique of a meal unless specifically asked to.
“Well, I’m truly delighted by this warm welcome.”
My Father’s smile looks a bit forced. Is he up to something? Just thinking that I’ll get to see that scary Father again for the first time in a while gives me chills. Should I just go along with it and say, “Yes”? Yes.
“We, too, greatly appreciate that welcome.”
“What a blessing.”
The elderly Mammoth—presumably the representative of the Mammoth family—replies.
“So, we’d feel bad if we just accepted the welcome. That’s why… we’d like to show our appreciation as well… Elmero-san.”
“Y-yes. What is it?”
Zou responds to Father’s question.
“I believe you’re teaching Kou and Filolial and the others how to sing, right?”
“Y-yes.”
“Would it be okay if you performed one for us here? It’d be better than just eating, right? Having you play music or sing. Since you’re my Guardian Knight, Elmero, could I ask you to do this on your own, separate from your family duties?”
I get the feeling my Father was trying to emphasize my role as his Guardian Knight. The Mammoth family also seems to have raised their eyebrows slightly at Father’s words. Father… isn’t this having the opposite effect? Zou is at a loss for words under the pressure from those around him.
“Elmero.”
At that moment, Kou takes Zou’s hand, as if to back him up. I heard later that my Father had asked him beforehand to sing with Zou.
“Since it’s a request from Iwatani, let’s sing!”
“Kou…”
Zou looked at Kou, took a quiet, deep breath, and then nodded.
“All right. Then let’s sing.”
Zou, still holding hands with Kou, stood in front of the large, open fireplace at the back of the dining hall.
“Well then…”
He took a deep breath, waved his hand lightly—just as he had done while practicing the chorus with Filolial-sama and the others—and began to sing. Of course, Kou sang along too. His voice… was different from Filolial-sama’s—that crystal-clear, beautiful voice like a bird’s chirp—instead, it was a powerful, heart-stirring voice that resonated deeply, truly characteristic of Zou.
I see… It certainly seems that elephants do have a talent for music. I can see why the old mouse said so. That wonderful voice, the kind that would captivate anyone, continued for a while. Kou is singing along to support the elephant’s voice.
“This is… so elegant. I think Yuki should take a cue from this.”
Yuki-chan’s understanding of Idol shows has deepened recently. It looks like she’s about to take another step forward.
Zou is completely focused on singing. It seems his voice could carry on forever. I can tell he’s the type who gets completely absorbed in things once he’s engrossed.
Kou sang along, and soon they began dancing together… no, actually, Zou began performing a magnificent dance while Kou rode on his back. Zou naturally joined in, raising his hands and moving his trunk up and down… it was just like a scene from a musical. Even though it was just their singing, it almost sounded as if instruments were playing along.
That magical moment eventually came to an end. Zou quietly finished his song.
Chapter 907 - Family Name [2018/11/27 10:00]
I think it was a really good song that left a lasting impression. Father clapped—clap, clap, clap—and then Panda and Éclair followed suit. The mammoths, on the other hand, just seemed a bit bored and only clapped half-heartedly a few times.
“Wow, Elmero and Kou, that was really great. It’s… the kind of singing that really touches your heart, isn’t it?”
My father is praising Zou and Kou. I suppose so, I suppose so.
“What do you think? She seems quite talented, doesn’t she? In many ways, she’s been helping us alongside the Guardian Knight, Larsazusa.”
My father says this to the old mammoth, who’s representing the mammoths. The old mammoth is trying to look like he’s smiling, but to me, it seems like he’s just giving a wry smile in response to my father’s words.
“Well now, it’s quite embarrassing, really. For someone like Elmero to be selected as a Guardian Knight is an honor far beyond what I deserve. I’m delighted that the Shield Hero is pleased by this.”
“……Yes.”
My Father offers a slightly ambiguous nod of agreement.
“But what about other matters? He’s always been—how shall I put it?—a clumsy, ill-mannered, and gloomy child. I’m constantly anxious about whether he’s truly fit to protect the Shield Hero, bring him joy, and support him at the same time.”
Hmm… I don’t know much about his combat abilities, but isn’t he fighting effectively in coordination with Panda and Éclair? After all, according to Panda, he’s one of the top five warriors in Siltvelt. Despite that, his phrasing—as if he’s completely inadequate—bothers me a bit.
“From the perspective of the Phant family, Elmero is nothing more than a greenhorn who just happened to capture a relative of the traitor Takt… We’d really like to select someone more suitable to replace her. I believe replacing him with this child’s older sister or Lumes—who introduced us to the garden—would allow us to better fulfill our duty of guarding His Lordship the Shield Hero.”
“It seems he’s been neglecting his training to protect His Lordship the Shield Hero while indulging in singing…”
The Kebamammoths chuckle derisively at Zou. Zou hangs his head, and Kou looks indignant. Just as Kou tries to take a step forward, Zou blocks him and, with a slightly sad smile, seems to be admonishing him. To embarrass Kou like that… It seems these fellows are asking for trouble.
“I’m not so sure about that… At the very least, judging from his guard duty at the castle, as well as his training and practice, his skills seem to me to be second to none…”
“No, no. As far as I’m concerned, he’s still just a greenhorn. As a member of the Puhant family, this child’s lack of that wild, manly ferocity has long been a source of concern for our clan.”
“Wild, manly, and fierce… hmm. I hear Elmero is quite a famous fighter in Zeltoble. I hear he’s so popular he even has a nickname… and that those close to him were said to have lamented that he couldn’t return to Zeltoble because he’d become my Guardian Knight.”
This is… my Father is asking the Mammoth family, as if strangling them with cotton, what exactly there is to mock about an elephant. The battle has already begun, hasn’t it! That’s my Father for you.
“The members of my household are each worth a thousand men. Just because he’s gained popularity in a lowly country like Zeltoble doesn’t mean he’s anyone we need to worry about.”
“Well, all the nobles of Siltvelt say things like that, don’t they?”
Panda shows a certain degree of agreement here. With Panda on their side, the Mammoth family seems to be getting a little carried away by his opinion… but this is a trap. At this point, the old Mammoth strokes his tusk and shoots a contemptuous glance at the Elephant. Come to think of it… this old Mammoth has one tusk that’s broken off partway.
“O Shield Hero… How about making me your Guardian Knight instead of Elmero? I can do everything much better than Elmero—my grades, my combat skills… and even when it comes to nighttime matters… as a woman, too.”
No, even my Father wouldn’t stand a chance against that flashy mammoth. Just how wide do you think my Father’s “strike zone” is? I did recommend an elephant to him as a good match, but I was only hoping for a “like” kind of relationship.
…No, my Father is the kind of person who can get along well with Big Sister and even a panda. Perhaps what matters is mentality, not appearance. He truly values the heart, doesn’t he?
Hm? I feel like the Big Sister from the first world is saying something. It must just be my imagination. It’s just that my Father’s “out zone” includes younger women.
“…So you’re saying you surpass everything about Elmero-san?”
“Yes, after all, that girl… is a bit clumsy.”
“Is that… what you think, too?”
Father even asks the Old Mammoth. Based on his words alone, it looks like he’s angry, but he’s just pretending not to know—as if to say, “Really? Is that so?” My father’s acting is terrifying, isn’t it? If people didn’t know better, they’d all be on the edge of their seats.
“Yes.”
“Whoa… that’s amazing. Just as you’d expect from a country like Siltvelt. I haven’t been here long, but this place really has… a lot of depth, doesn’t it?”
Seeing my father feign interest, the Mammoth family looks thoroughly pleased. I’m sure he’s referring to the depth of their foolishness.
“So, from this family’s perspective, Elmero isn’t worth considering, is he?”
“Of course, there are plenty of people far more capable than this child. As for the important role of Guardian Knight—a position fraught with anxiety—I’d much rather entrust it to someone else than Elmero. After all, he’s my unworthy grandson, so even letting him bear our family name is…”
He’s trying to appear humble, but it’s obvious at a glance that he’s actually looking down on her from the bottom of his heart.
“…You’re certainly right.”
Father has begun to exude an aura that sends a chill down the spine—one that only those close to him would recognize. Starting with Yuki-chan, Éclair and Panda sense that aura, and their expressions grow tense.
“She’s not a good fit for this family, is she?”
“…The Shield Hero?”
Oh? It seems Zou has noticed—that my Father isn’t just going along with the insults directed at Zou.
“Yes!”
With Father’s agreement, the entire mammoth family—led by the old mammoth—nods in unison, gazing at Zou with contemptuous eyes and half-smiles. As for Zou, I’m a little annoyed with him, too. Kou looks like he’s about to pounce now that his beloved Zou is being mocked… just like the look on Keel’s face when I tore into that crepe.
“Please, Shield Hero, do say it. That Elmero isn’t a good fit for our family.”
Convinced that their seduction had been a complete success, the Old Mammoth and the Flashy Mammoth—certain of victory—start egging Zou on to get rid of his Father. You see, It’s clear they think that if Father gives his endorsement, they can have the Guardian Knight dismissed and make the Spiky Mammoth his aide. They’re incredibly simple-minded, aren’t they?
“That’s right.”
Father stands up and walks over to Zou.
“As the Shield Hero, I command you: Strip Guardian Knight Elmero-Puhant of the Puhant family name.”
“!?”
Zou looks at Father with an expression of disbelief, as if he’s seen something terrifying.
“Iwatani~…”
Kou glares at my Father with all his might. Yet, his expression is truly manly.
“…Do you have a problem with that? It’s the truth, isn’t it?”
But my Father… glared back at Kou with the same piercing gaze he had in the first world.
“Ah, wa-wa… I… I won’t lose. Uuuuugh~…”
Kou shows a slight flicker of fear at Father’s intense expression, but he quickly regains his composure and assumes a stance ready to pounce at any moment.
“Hahaha… I must say, the Shield Hero’s opinion is absolutely correct. Elmero, you may leave for wherever you please. You will never be allowed to cross the threshold of this house again.”
The old mammoth, now completely carried away, drove the elephant even further away. Hmm? I think I heard a slight noise and the footsteps of a rat-beastman coming from the next room. He must have come to check on the situation.
“This conversation isn’t over yet… Elmero, from now on, you shall bear the Janon family name. I’ll arrange for a fiefdom for you later. I expect you to continue approaching matters with that diligent attitude. If you have any objections, I’ll hear them later. Well then… let’s head back to the castle with this important item. Make sure you bring it back safely.”
As if glancing back quickly, my Father makes to leave the dining hall. It’s settled, then. It’s a bit different from what I’d anticipated, but it’s quite a refreshing turn of events.
“Y-yes!”
Zou, who had been staring blankly, snapped back to his senses. Hearing Father’s words, he nodded and his expression brightened.
“What an elegant way to handle it. I don’t think Yuki would mind this kind of exchange.”
Yuki-chan, having grasped the situation, replied as she brushed her hair back.
“Hmm…?”
Kou couldn’t make sense of this turn of events and kept glancing back and forth between Zou and my Father. As I stood up, Panda and Éclair also got to their feet, as if they were all getting ready to head home.
“What’s going on here?”
Kou asked Zou, looking completely confused.
“The Shield Hero isn’t trying to do anything terrible to me—he just said he wanted to reward me for my hard work.”
“Really? It kind of looked like Iwatani was trying to bully Elmero, but then it suddenly felt like things had changed—”
“That’s for sure. It might’ve been a bit too early for Kou to understand this.”
“Kou isn’t a kid!”
Just as we were about to leave, something like that happened.
“W-wait a minute!!”
At that moment, the old mammoth let out a voice resembling an angry shout directed at my Father.
“What on earth is going on here?!”
“…There’s nothing to ‘what’s going on’ about it. Did you even know under what pretext I came to this house?”
My father turned slightly to face the Mammoth family, his gaze reminiscent of his counterpart from the first world, and replied.
“I came to greet his family because I held Knight Elmero’s professional conduct in high regard. Despite that, just think back on what his family did. Whether openly or behind my back, they did nothing but mock me—saying things like I wouldn’t be able to protect Knight Elmero if anything happened… and to top it off, they made this strange claim that there was someone else more suitable.”
My father says this with a very deep sigh. How should I put it… I can only say that, for such simple-minded people, they were weaving a web of foolish schemes. They come across as foolish people who pretend to be intellectuals even though they lack intelligence. They’re probably a race that rose to power through military exploits rather than wisdom.
“If they’d simply introduced someone from their own family, I suppose I could have put up with it. But it’s no fun having someone I hold in high regard ridiculed. You lot… don’t you realize just how terribly mistaken you are?”
My father declared this to the old mammoth with a look of contempt.
“If you let him keep talking, he’ll become even more brazen… Not content with merely defending that disgrace to the family, he’s boasting about his status as a new noble, his family name—and to top it off, he’s a Janon! To hear that intellectual little runt’s family name mentioned here—this is nothing short of a farce!”
“…Is that what you really think? How appalling. In that case, aren’t you much the same as Melromarc?”
That’s right. I know because I’ve been through this loop countless times. Fundamentally, there isn’t much difference between Melromarc and Siltvelt besides their race. At most, Siltvelt is a bit more manly for racial reasons. By the way, Melromarc is institutionally effeminate.
“Who do you think you are, acting like that as a mere human! Even if you’re the Shield Hero, I won’t forgive you!”
“So what if I’m human? If you’re this enraged at a human, doesn’t that mean you lot are even lower than that?”
My father is acting just like he did in the first world. My shivers are starting to turn into butterflies in my stomach.
“Don’t you realize that if you weren’t in the position of the Shield Hero, you’d be nothing but a slave in the Siltvelt!”
“I was sick and tired of sensing that condescending true intent here and there—no, in every single one of your glances. It’s painfully obvious you’re trying to use my position to climb the social ladder. And on top of that, you make fun of Elmero. You’re hopeless. Honestly… I can’t help but feel sorry for Elmero.”
With a “Oh, come on” sort of expression, my father shakes his head and speaks in a lecturing tone.
“What if I weren’t the Shield Hero? What are you talking about? I’m standing before you as the Shield Hero, so I have no obligation to entertain your ‘what-ifs.’ If I were to say that, what would it matter if you weren’t nobles? Think about it carefully.”
“You—”
The old mammoth looks so furious that steam seems ready to pour out of his head. Well, judging by his appearance, he seems to be more of a brute than a brainiac. He’s probably at a loss for words when facing Father. In that sense, wouldn’t the elephant be better at this kind of exchange? After all, it seems he managed to hold his own quite well as a mercenary, separate from the panda.
The old mammoth looks like he’s about to pounce on his Father at any moment. The other mammoths, who had been standing around flustered, sense that the situation is escalating and start moving to try and stop him.
Chapter 908 - Origin [2018/12/04 10:00]
“Ah, so saying that makes you show fear? I’d rather not use this tactic—especially since this is Elmero’s former family home—but… shall I declare the dissolution of the clan as the Shield Hero?”
“Th-that is—”
The other mammoths begin clasping their hands and bowing their heads in supplication.
“Shut up! How could I possibly accept such a selfish demand!”
“Well, wouldn’t it be best to just give it a try?”
“Grr…”
The old mammoth seems to be getting even more worked up.
“Well, I don’t consider myself arrogant enough to go that far.”
Just as his father was about to walk away after saying that, the panda spoke up.
“This is getting interesting. Well then, Elmero, why don’t you settle this in the Siltvelt way?”
“…What do you say, Elmero-san?”
Zou surveyed the mammoth family, starting with the old mammoth…
“As the Shield Hero commands…”
he replied, responding with a Siltvelt-style salute.
“All right, then… let’s settle this in the Siltvelt style—with a duel. If you win, I’ll grant any request you have as the Shield Hero.”
It’s said that my Father was so taken aback by this bold declaration—thinking, “He’s gotten way too carried away!”—that he writhed in agony on his bed. It’s true that my Father isn’t really fond of this sort of gambling. If anything, he’s the type to run the betting operations.
“You presumptuous, green-eyed brat! I’ll make you taste the consequences of your folly firsthand!”
The old mammoth roared that, driven by rage.
“I won’t… let that happen.”
Oh? The elephant’s tone has become a bit more defiant.
“Grr…”
Seeing the elephant show his resolve to fight, it seems the old man’s anger has dissipated just a little.
“In exchange, if Elmero, the knight I’ve chosen, wins… you’re forbidden from ever getting involved with her or approaching her again. You know what happens if you break that rule… right?”
“Don’t get too cocky…”
“Then go ahead and break my trunk. Isn’t that the Siltvelt way?”
“Grandpa, next time, I’ll be the one—Elmero Janon—to snap your other tusk right in two.”
Oh, the elephant sure speaks with some authority there. That’s a different side of him than usual. But I just heard something that’s got me a little curious. Was it you who snapped off one of the old mammoth’s tusks? I’m really curious about the details. Or rather, if you were capable of doing that, why did you just keep quiet all this time?
“Oh, oh… It seems the Wayward Knight has finally revealed her true form as the Queen of Earthquakes, hasn’t she?”
“That’s fine. I’m well aware I’ve been getting a little too cocky. But… I’ve finally realized there’s no need to be intimidated anymore!”
Zou claps her hands together, signaling she’s ready to fight at any moment. Then, with a thud, he stomped the ground particularly hard.
“Just how harsh Zeltoble is… the epithet ‘Queen of the Earth’s Tremors’… I’ll show you right here just how formidable it is.”
“Hmph… hmph! You’re so out of your league!”
“Fine by me. Come at me in droves—as many as you want!”
Zou’s tone is even more defiant than Panda’s. And so, we ended up watching the battle in the garden of the family estate where Zou grew up.
So, in response to Zou’s request, we joined the battle of Zou vs. the Mammoth Family… which turned out to be a fight against five mammoths. Talking big like that, only to rely on numbers… that really shows his true colors.
By the way, it seems the Flashy Mammoth has declined to fight. And yet he wants to serve as my Father’s bodyguard? Isn’t that taking “not knowing one’s place” a bit too far?
“…You plan to take me on with just this many people? You’re welcome to bring more, you know? Hey, why don’t you join in too, Mom? You used to fight bravely back in the day, didn’t you?”
Zou provokes his mother—who certainly looks like his biological mother—by sweeping his ears back like a lock of hair. His mother is absolutely furious.
“Elmero! Stop getting so cocky! I’m going to get angry!”
“Don’t you realize you’re the one making me angry? To begin with, you’ve never once looked at me properly or shown even a shred of affection!”
Having apparently decided he’d had enough, Zou speaks bluntly. Yes, this is it. The pigs I rooted for were just like this. I could see a chance to win here.
“I’m sick of you only acting like a parent to mock me when the moment’s right or when I mess up. Come on, play by Siltvelt’s rules, you coward.”
“…You said it. I won’t go easy on you!”
“I’ve never gone easy on you from the start. I’ll never forget how, when I was little, you beat me up hysterically and locked me up until Lady Rainy came to my rescue.”
Whoa… how should I put this? Even among the complicated relationships of the pigs I know, that’s an exceptionally rough past to recall. And now, she’s striking back with a sense of catharsis. Elephant, go for it!
“I’ll kill you! I’ll kill you and completely wipe out the stain on our family’s name!”
Another mammoth has joined the fray. The prey’s got a huge hammer and all sorts of other dangerous stuff. It’ll be interesting to see just how many elephants they’ll bring in to overwhelm the opponent with sheer numbers.
However… it looks like he won’t show any mercy, even against his own mother. The mammoth—who seems to be his actual mother—is also showing a serious determination to kill. This is exactly what you’d call a battle between family members.
You can hear their ragged breathing—it seems the blood has completely rushed to their heads. Or rather… the garden is absolutely swarming with mammoths. Since they’re so huge, I’d like to watch the battle from somewhere with a good vantage point. By the way, it looks like Beastmen and slaves have started peeking at the garden from the roof of the mansion.
“Hmph. You seem to be getting a big head from that shameful job as a mercenary, but let’s see how far you can go against a group like this… The time has finally come to settle the score for the pain in my tusks!”
The old mammoth seems to be swinging an iron ball around. But will that really work against an elephant capable of handling Éclair’s attacks?
“Yes, I haven’t forgotten a thing. Including that incident at Lady Rainy’s funeral when you insulted her… Back then, it took four of you just to stop me, didn’t it?”
…So by that point, I was already putting up a good fight against four mammoths? Despite their appearance, these guys are weak.
“Hmph. I’ll say it as many times as it takes. The very fact that that sneaky, pathetic rat holds a seat among the nobility of Siltvelt is a fundamental mistake. To not understand that strength and power are everything—that’s the height of foolishness!”
“And what does a family of cowards—one that couldn’t win a single fair fight while that Lady Rainy was alive—have to say? You sure do bark a lot for a bunch of losers……”
It seems the elephant snapped off the old mammoth’s tusk because it was an insult to the dead old Beastman. But… that elephant sure seems to have a lot of pent-up frustration. He’s going to vent it all right here, in this arena prepared by my Father.
“Shut up! I’ll beat you to a pulp so you’ll never open that screaming mouth of yours again!”
“Elmero, I’ll dispose of you—the stain on our family!”
“Seriously, you’re nothing but a nuisance… Taste the consequences of your own foolishness firsthand.”
Well, according to the story, his relatives—including his older sister and brother—have all declared they’ll kill Zou without mercy. Even at first glance… from his stance to everything else, Zou looks like the one who’s more accustomed to fighting. The way things look, this duel probably isn’t even worth watching.
“Hmph. Nothing but a bunch of paper tigers who can only charge.”
“Youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu! You’re mocking me to the very end!”
By the way, in Siltvelt, “paper tiger” is apparently such a severe insult that it could get you killed. Unlike its original Japanese meaning, it’s apparently evolved into an insult meaning “loser,” used to scorn Hakuko, who was defeated in a past great war. So… Zou has put on something that looks like bracelets and anklets on both his hands and feet. Are those weapons? So he’s going to slaughter these guys with them! Hmm? I feel like I’ve seen those somewhere before.
“—Youuuuuuu!”
The mammoths all started radiating pure fury.
“It wouldn’t be fun if people said I won thanks to the Hero’s blessing, so I’m doing this to keep things fair. Come on, if you’re going to fight, now’s your chance.”
“What’s that?”
My Father asks Panda and Éclair. I recognize it, too. Back when I was still foolish, I once spoke to an alchemist who was at the castle while my Father was fleeing with his Finacée. It looks a lot like the bracelet—the tool meant to keep Filo-tan in her angelic form permanently. Unfortunately, I ran into my Father before I could get it, so I never had a chance to use it. Is this a variation of that?
“It’s a bracelet that reduces abilities, isn’t it?”
“Ah, I see… Is it that well-known?”
“We use it when we’re not binding someone with a slave mark—like handcuffs or leg irons.”
“Whoa… Elmero must have been holding a lot in. To fight with the conditions lowered this much…”
“It’s refreshing—I like it.”
It seems Éclair takes a liking to the handicap Zou has imposed. On the other hand, the Mammoths must feel they’re being underestimated. They’re so angry, steam is practically coming out of their heads. But without a handicap like that, it wouldn’t even be a fair fight.
“If I lower the conditions this much… it’ll be about the same as before I was appointed a Guardian Knight. Come on, bring it on anytime!”
Zou said this with a more defiant attitude than usual.
“She’s really showing off the full dignity of the Queen of Earthquakes, isn’t she?”
“So that’s Lord Elmero as a fighter… It’s a world of difference from his usual self.”
“He’s not quite that provocative in real life, though. Still, it’s an interesting development—it almost feels like we’re getting a glimpse into the origins of his title as ‘Queen.’”
“Is there something to it? I just thought he was called ‘Queen’ simply because he’s strong.”
“Originally, she was called ‘Queen’ because she’s strong, but after she started being called that, she began putting on a show for the audience. Especially in death matches against monsters—she put on a good show, which went over well with the crowd, so the nickname stuck.”
As a spectator, this seems like a rather entertaining topic.
“I wonder if Elmero’s going to be okay?”
Kou is looking on with concern. Kou had expressed a desire to participate in the duel as well, but Zou gently smiled and declined, saying there was no need for Kou to join in.
“I think he’ll be fine. However… seeing him so worked up like that is rather unsightly. It’s neither elegant nor refined—it can only be described as barbaric.”
“Well, that’s just Siltvelt for you. The White Queen might not be able to understand it.”
By the way, thanks to her success in racing, Yuki-chan has earned nicknames like “White Queen” in various places, such as Shieldfreeden, due to the connection to queens. What was Sakura-chan called again? “Guardian Filolial” or “Gentle Filolial,” perhaps? What on earth is that supposed to mean!?
“Melromarc isn’t entirely without its own version of pre-duel verbal sparring… Fundamentally, hot-blooded knights and nobles tend to act similarly.”
Éclair seems to agree as well.
“It’s quite a bother, isn’t it? Couldn’t they just aim more elegantly—at the chest or head—and have the one who’s struck first lose, rather than this sort of duel?”
“That might work for a competitive duel… but when someone actually wants to kill their opponent, it’s bound to end up the same way either way.”
“I suppose it can’t be helped. It looks like it’s about to begin.”
Zou pulls a stone from the ground and raises it high above his head, as if signaling the start of the battle. Once that stone falls, the contest begins. Soon, the stone he’d raised so high drops to the ground.
“Take this!”
Six mammoths formed a formation, surrounding the elephant, and began chanting Magic. Meanwhile, the elephant, keeping an eye on its surroundings, also seemed to begin chanting Magic.
“Too slow! Is that all you’ve got?!”
The elderly mammoths finished their incantations triumphantly and cast their Magic spells in unison. Honestly… I felt like their incantations were quite slow. They were so slow, in fact, that they could have been easily nullified.
“‘Drifa Blizzard!’”
“‘Drifa Icicle Prison!’”
“‘Zweite Cold Shot!’”
The mammoths simultaneously unleash Magic spells of blizzards and ice at Zou. Layers upon layers of blizzard swirl around him, and in an instant, Zou vanishes into the storm.
“Hahahahaha! Now you’ll get a taste of the signature Magic of my clan—the very spell you’ve been dying to use but never could!”
Hmm… It seems the Mammoth clan, the Zou family’s ancestral line, specializes in ice-based Magic. I thought they relied solely on brute force, but this is an unexpected tactic.
“Huh… I thought you’d just come at me with fists, but you actually use some pretty unconventional attacks, don’t you?”
“Well, all things considered, it seems like a fairly renowned house even in Siltvelt. I’m sure they’re not just relying on brute strength and stamina.”
“Hahahahaha! Shield Hero, you’d better watch in silence as Elmero, the one you’re so fond of, gets frozen solid!”
“Well, I’m not so sure about that.”
My father seems completely unfazed by that old mammoth’s taunts, brushing them off as if they were the wind. Well, it was certainly an unexpected attack, but it feels like that’s about all he’s got. Then the old mammoth wrapped himself in a suit of snow armor. It looks like snow armor conjured by Magic.
Chapter 909 - Remarkable Woman [2018/12/11 10:00]
"Somehow... it feels like one of those monsters you hunt in video games... even though it walks on two legs."
"It’d be fun to peel off that snowy armor one piece at a time."
"Yeah, there’s something satisfying about destroying its body parts, isn’t there?"
"My heroes... that might sound a bit indecent."
“Just hearing it like that, yeah, it does.”
As we were having this carefree exchange, the panda shrugged his shoulders with a “here we go again” look and let out a sigh. By the way, both Kou and Yuki-chan were silently watching how things unfolded.
“Let’s go, you lot! Smash this fool’s ice statue!”
The old mammoth, clearly annoyed that none of us—including my Father—showed the slightest sign of panic, gave the order.
“‘‘‘Alright!’’’”
Six mammoths marched toward the elephant, who was swirling like a blizzard tornado. Thud, thud—their footsteps are unnecessarily loud. But is the elephant inside the whirlwind really turned into an ice statue?
“The Queen of Earthquakes, the very source of power, commands: Unravel the truth once more, and strike those men with a blow of earth that pierces right through them!”
“Drifa Earth Spike!”
As an exceptionally loud rumble echoed through the air, the ground formed a Continental Cleft, and pillars of earth shot out toward the surrounding mammoths.
“What—Gaaaaaaaaaaah!?”
“Gyaaaaaaa—”
“No way—it can’t be—”
The pillars of earth struck every single one of them squarely in the solar plexus, sending them all flying into the air. With another deep rumble, the blizzard tornado was blown away in an instant, revealing an elephant covered in a light dusting of snow.
“I used to look up to it back in the day. But once you’ve seen the world, you realize whether or not you can use ice and snow Magic is completely irrelevant. Lady Rainy was right after all.”
With a THUD, the mammoths were slammed into the ground.
“Guuuuuuu…”
“Ugh…”
“Kuuuuu…”
It seems the mammoths, due to their massive size, aren’t used to knowing how to break their fall when they’re slammed into the ground. Elephants, on the other hand… even when they were deftly tossed aside by the panda’s grandfather and grandmother, they still managed to break their fall, so it’s clear they’re technically superior.
“Come on, it wouldn’t be any fun if it ended right here, would it? Get back on your feet already.”
The elephant gives the mammoths a sharp beckoning gesture.
“You bastard… Don’t underestimate meeeee!”
It’s not the old mammoth, but what appears to be the elephant’s older brother who charges at the elephant wielding a hammer. …His movements are slower than the elephant’s. It would be impressive if it landed, but an attack that misses is meaningless.
“Hmph!”
The elephant stomps his right foot hard toward his opponent.
“Whoa!?”
A massive shockwave ripples through the charging mammoth’s legs, causing him to rise slightly off the ground. Seizing the moment, the elephant slams a shoulder tackle right into the mammoth’s gut.
“Ugh—”
The mammoth took the tackle perfectly and was sent flying through the air. Thud! One mammoth is knocked out.
“Oh my, was that too much for the young master? Hahahahaha, what a joke. “Come on, come at me!”
The elephant is taunting the other mammoths, who are standing there dumbfounded at the sight of their fallen comrade.
“H-haaaaaaaaaaaah!”
Oh? Three mammoths are charging in, swinging the iron balls strapped to their waists. And it looks like they’re even using their sharp tusks to stab. As expected, they rely on sheer volume of attacks.
“It’s kind of like a heavy tank, isn’t it? And since they’re even using ice magic, I can see why they’re considered strong.”
“That’s true… but—”
“Oryaaaaa!”
The elephant countered the three mammoths’ charge by hurling rocks he’d pulled from the ground, then grabbed one mammoth by the tusk and slammed it hard into the others.
“Guaaaaaaaah!”
“Kyaaaaaa!?”
“Ughhhhhh!?”
The three mammoths were rolled into a ball and sent tumbling. Facing the mammoths that were still trying to get back on their feet, Zou wore an air of authority.
“It seems that alone won’t be enough to get through to Lord Elmero.”
It certainly looks that way. For that elephant, those guys are a piece of cake. After all, he’s a fine elephant.
“Elephant, gooooooo!”
“……”
My Father looks a little flustered by my cheering. It’s probably because I suddenly yelled right next to him.
“Come on, come on, come on! How long are you going to stay crawling on the ground? Oh, do you like kissing the ground? Well, I’ll show you then!”
The mammoths, who had been thrown aside and were trying to get back up, are now forced back down as vines of dirt shoot up from the ground and pin them to the earth.
“Guh… This is nothing… Guh…”
The bound mammoths try to break free from their restraints, but they can’t budge at all. An elephant approaches one of them, lifts a foot, and lightly stomps on the mammoth’s head.
“There you go—this is what you like, isn’t it, you pervert?”
“Youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu As a reward… I’ve actually been kicked before!
“Shield Hero, do you get it now? That’s Zeltoble—the spectacle Elmero used to put on.”
“Ah… yeah. She really is the Queen, isn’t she?”
That’s certainly true. I know that too. I suppose it’s just one of those quirks—or maybe it’s part of her act. Even my past self—a pig who’d never known romance—had seen a pig that strange before. Anyway, the mammoth being trampled by the elephant is desperately trying to break free from its restraints; it looks like it’s trying some underhanded tactics, like sweeping with its trunk.
“Oh my, what a nasty habit that trunk has.”
With a thud, the elephant stomped down hard on the mammoth’s trunk.
“Gugyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?”
“Oh, for heaven’s sake. You’re so noisy!”
The moment the elephant stopped stomping and stomped its foot down on the ground, a shockwave seemed to rip through the restrained mammoth’s abdomen.
“Gya—!?”
That alone seemed to be enough to make the three mammoths foam at the mouth and pass out.
“Petty. Who was it again? The one who said something about ‘one man against a thousand’… or that Zeltoble was a lowly country? Is this all you’ve got?”
Saying this, Zou made a taunting beckoning gesture toward the old mammoth responsible. Hmm, he’s in top form.
“Guh…”
“This is exactly what they mean by a blockhead. How does it feel? How does it feel to be completely outclassed by the thorn in your side you’ve been mocking all this time?”
"Don't get too cocky, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
The old mammoth hurls a hammer at him. The elephant deftly catches the hammer with his trunk, spins around once, and throws it right back.
“What!?”
Thud! It hit right between the eyes of the mammoth standing next to the old one… who appeared to be its mother.
“Agh!?”
It seems it hit just the right spot. The mammoth—presumably the mother—rolled her eyes back and collapsed with a thud.
“Oh, right. I might as well get back at you for your hysterics.”
So, the elephant stomped its feet again. A column of dirt shot up from the ground, pummeling the mammoth—who appeared to be the mother—in the face, and the hammer, flung upward by the impact, rained down on its tusks as if to deliver the finishing blow, snapping one clean off.
“There, all done. I can’t wait to hear what kind of scream she’ll let out when she regains consciousness.”
How should I put it… it’s a truly brutal family feud. If the mammoth family and the elephant were human, it would make for quite a spectacular scene. Neither of them shows any mercy.
“Eek…”
The remaining mammoths—other than the old one—let out cries of fear.
“……”
The elephant approached the cowering mammoths, step by step, with a thud, thud, thud. Eventually… as the elephant came right up in front of them, the terrified mammoth lost all its nerve and collapsed onto the ground.
“It seems the battles of the Puhant family are rather tame, don’t they? This… is what the real world is like!”
“Gua—”
Then, the elephant pulled a rock from the ground and hurled it at the cowering mammoth. With a thud, the frightened mammoth was pinned beneath the rock and knocked out. By the way, it doesn’t seem to be dead.
“Well then, as for the rest…”
Zou turned his gaze toward the remaining old mammoth.
“Grandpa, come on, go ahead and try to snap my trunk.”
“Grrrr… Do you really think you’ll get away with this?!”
“If I didn’t think so, I wouldn’t be doing this, would I? Besides, I’ve already been banished from this household. I couldn’t care less if a family of complete strangers holds a grudge against me. After all, this is Siltvelt—a country where one demonstrates one’s will through strength.”
Zou goes on at length about Siltvelt’s way of doing things.
“I competed against you all fair and square and won through strength. Despite that, trying to wield power like this… that’s just laughable. I wonder what the other nobles will think?”
Indeed, in Siltvelt—a land that values blood and strength—doing something so underhanded would surely invite ridicule. Of course, they might be pulling underhanded tricks behind the scenes, but if it ever came to light, it would be the end of them. In this regard, I feel that Siltvelt is stronger than Melromarc or Faubrey.
“Come on, show me that strength from the Great War you’ve been going on and on about until I’m sick of hearing it.”
“I don’t need to be told to show it! And I’m going to break your fangs! Dieeeeeeeeeeeeeee!”
The old mammoth, clutching the hammer that had been thrown back at him, brought it down toward the elephant. The elephant caught the hammer with one hand, then in one fluid motion slammed his fist into the mammoth’s belly, slammed the mammoth’s head—now bent into a “C” shape—against the ground with his trunk, and brought his free arm down on the mammoth’s remaining tusk.
“Pathetic. Just all talk, as expected.”
“Aaaaaaargh!?”
With a loud crack, the old mammoth collapsed, its tusk snapped in two. It was quite a heavyweight, spectacular battle, wasn’t it? Since they’re apparently fighting while severely overloaded… it turns out these mammoths are nothing but all show. Well, by our standards, it was a battle where their movements seemed rather sluggish. Dealing with them isn’t that hard, is it?
“Hmph, is that all you’ve got?”
And with that, the elephant who’d defeated six mammoths lets out a victorious cry. Snapping back to his senses, the elephant looks over at Father… and returns to his usual, gentle self.
“Elmero, you’re sooo cool!”
Kou raises both hands and walks toward Zou. As if to break the silence, Father claps his hands. In unison, Panda and Éclair start clapping too. Yuki-chan is clapping as well. I’ll join in too. Just then, a whistling sound comes from the roof of the mansion.
“Ah, those guys are… wait a minute…”
“We did it! Elmero!”
Zou picks up Kou, who had leaped at him.
“I suppose so. I do think I might have gone a little overboard… but I feel refreshed now.”
Still holding Kou, the elephant made her way over to her Father. Then she shot a sharp glare at the mammoths who hadn’t participated in the duel.
“This should be the end of the duel, right? Now, as promised, don’t get involved with me or Lady Rainy anymore.”
Yes, she said it with a menacing edge to her voice. My, my… that was a battle that truly brought the term “heroic woman” to life. It seems that the people Kou takes a liking to tend to be quite strong-willed. His Big Sister and her friend also showed their resolve when it really mattered.
In other words, Kou is… a bed-wetting shota! I’ll keep that firmly in mind. He’s a bed-wetting shota!
“So, as for the compensation… once we’re ready to move, just the bare minimum will do. Elmero, once you’ve finished preparing the items and the people you want to bring along, come back.”
“Yes, Shield Hero… I’m truly grateful for your consideration in every single detail.”
“Don’t worry about it. I’m pretty much the one who caused this whole commotion anyway. In fact, it ended up being the reason for our estrangement—are you okay with that?”
“…Yes. I’ve shaken off my doubts. Please don’t let it bother you, and I look forward to your continued support.”
With that, Zou saluted as if to prove his loyalty to Siltvelt, received permission from his Father, and began his preparations. The flustered Kebamammoth watched Zou, the Mammoth, and his Father, but his Father wasn’t even glancing in his direction.
“If you want to get close to me, you’ll have to show me some impressive military achievements or other feats worthy of me. To be honest, I’m not really into people like you. Well then.”
Whoa… Father sure said that very clearly. He looks quite the playboy, doesn’t he? The problem is that his opponent is a mammoth Beastman.
But… it’s true that the Shaggy Mammoth’s appearance reminds me of a Crimson Swine, which I find off-putting. I don’t sense the same level of evil as a Crimson Swine, but I could really feel his shallow mindset—the idea that a man should just be swept off his feet by a woman’s charm.
“Panda.”
“What is it?”
“Is that flashy mammoth actually a beauty? I’m not really getting it.”
“Hmm… Even from my perspective, she’s a bit off, but from a Beastman’s point of view, her face and figure are pretty good. There’s no doubt she’s a beauty.”
Chapter 910 - Thoughts [2018/12/18 10:00]
"Hmm..."
"But you know... since I've lived in mixed-race Zeltoble for quite a while now, let me just say—from the perspective of Demi-Humans or humans, wouldn't that be pretty tough?"
"Well, I suppose so."
Just based on personality alone, he's the kind of person I can't stand. He looks half like a pig, after all. The shape of his nose is similar, too… Oops, that’s rude to elephants. Let me correct that.
“He’s the kind of person who’s never truly loved anyone from the bottom of his heart… I think he’d immediately switch partners if he found someone with a higher status or better income than his current one.”
“I’m sorry, but I agree.”
Éclair agreed with Yuki-chan’s words. It’s true that there are plenty of such people in this world. I’d always thought they were mostly found among the humans and Demi-Humans of Faubrey, but it seems there are some like that in Siltvelt as well.
“Speaking of which, it doesn’t seem like Lord Elmero has particularly high expectations for Lord Iwatani either. He’s likely serving him strictly as a knight. Though, to be honest, I can’t quite picture it…”
“It’s not that there aren’t potions or Magic to temporarily shrink your body, but the effects don’t last long, and there aren’t many who can cast them…”
“It’s not just about size, is it…?”
“Éclair, my father isn’t the type to judge people by their appearance! You’ll be just fine with him!”
After all, he’s Filo-tan’s father. He even got involved romantically with Big Sister’s older sister, and apparently had all sorts of things going on with a panda, too. He’s not the kind of vulgar person who cares about looks or anything like that!
“I’m really curious about the way Lord Kitamura phrased that… but I get the feeling it’s best not to delve into it here.”
“They say being the Shield Hero is no easy task, after all.”
“Come to think of it, my Father mentioned before that the slow life with the Beastmen of Siltvelt looked like fun, didn’t he?”
I seem to recall him mentioning something about the ‘Such-and-Such Forest.’ I suppose there are plenty of forests out there—is there something specific in mind?
“I can understand the desire for a more leisurely life. We must ensure that Lord Iwatani finds peace through our protection, though…”
“Isn’t the reason I felt so strangely relaxed at my parents’ house because of that ‘slow life’ vibe?”
“Hmm… In that regard, Lord Lasa scores high points. Lord Iwatani seemed to be having a good time. Keep up the good work.”
“Listen… I’m not talking about me—I’m talking about Elmero. For example, if we did something similar in the new territory, wouldn’t that score high points too?”
“What are you all talking about?”
My father is approaching with an elephant carrying Kou on its back.
“My father with an elephant—”
“Ah, we’re talking about how he really went wild!”
“Mm-hmm!”
For some reason, we got interrupted by a panda and an Éclair.
“That’s right.”
And now even Yuki-chan has joined in. Are we not supposed to talk about how my father is falling in love with an elephant?
“Ah… yeah, you’re right. How should I put it… I feel like I’ve just caused nothing but trouble for the Puhant family, too.”
My father looks exhausted.
“Isn’t that fine? He came to our house as a reward for Elmero, yet he kept acting in a terribly rude manner. Since he insulted the Shield Hero, he can’t complain about being cast aside.”
“It’s true… I’ve come to realize all too well that I should have explained things better beforehand…”
Zou apologizes to my Father in a quiet voice.
“It’s okay. I think it was something we couldn’t avoid anyway… In fact, I’d say it’s better that we dealt with it early. It would’ve been a bigger problem if he’d gradually interfered with Elmero until Elmero was completely exhausted and collapsed, and then someone else took his place.”
“Shield Hero…”
Zou replied to his Father with a happy expression.
“Elmero’s going to do something, right?”
“Oh, that’s right. Then I’ll go get ready.”
“Okay.”
And with that, Zou walked into the mansion with Kou. Before long, Zou had finished getting ready to leave. Carrying a large bag, it seems he’d also spoken with his close servants and such. I could see the rat Beastmen heading out of the mansion.
“Who are they?”
“They are those who served Lady Rainy, my foster mother. Besides them, some of the slaves working at the mansion have asked to accompany us.”
“O-oh, I see.”
Father seemed slightly put off upon hearing the word “slaves.” After all, this is Siltvelt. Here, humans are generally considered to be of a lower status.
“Are we taking them to the castle?”
“They have preparations to make as well… It’s been decided that Meir will accompany us as their representative to handle the necessary formalities.”
Zou said that, then introduced the rat beastman who’d explained the situation to me to my Father.
“We would like to express our deepest gratitude for the tremendous pardon granted to Lord Elmero and for resolving the matter concerning Lady Rainy. Shield Hero, we are deeply moved by your great generosity, and we intend to remain loyal to you until the end of our clan’s existence!”
“The mouse just gave you a kiss, Father.”
“Motoyasu-kun!”
Somehow, my Father got mad at me. I guess that’s what you call saying one word too many. I thought it was a good joke, though.
“I would also like to express my gratitude to the Spear Hero on this occasion.”
Huh? I got swept up in the moment. The rat Beastman is thanking me, too.
“Yeah. I think things are going to get tough for Elmero from now on, so I’ll be asking for your help with various things.”
“I’ll be happy to oblige.”
“Well then, shall we head back to the castle?”
“Yes.”
“Well then, everyone of the Puhant family, excuse us. Goodbye.”
After my father received minimal medical attention, he returned to the castle without saying goodbye to the mammoths who had been carried away, but after bidding farewell to the mammoths who had stood by and watched without fighting.
---
After returning, it seems my Father explained the general outline of what had happened at Zou’s family home to the leading figures of Siltvelt and discussed future plans. As a result, I hear that Zou’s family name has been changed and their fief has been determined. Of course, it seems they were granted the territory that belonged to Zou’s foster parent—whose name was Rainy—during his lifetime. So, since Father wanted to talk with Zou, he went over to Zou’s room to visit.
Meanwhile, Kou was chatting with Filolial-sama in the castle. Oh? I can hear Zou singing from somewhere in the castle.
“Oh, Elmero’s singing—let’s all sing along, Kou and everyone!”
“Yeah.”
Filolial-sama starts singing too. It’s quite a lively scene inside the castle.
“That settles it, then.”
“It’s a commotion that could be said to have been stirred up by Lord Kitamura… but I suppose worrying about it is a losing battle. Lord Elmero has now shaken off his doubts and secured a territory where his loved ones can live… I can’t afford to fall behind either.”
Éclair seems to be saying something. But we all know just how limited Éclair’s skills are when it comes to managing a territory, don’t we?
“Are you sure you’ll be all right, Éclair? I know you lack those kinds of skills.”
“Lord Kitamura… no, never mind. I suppose I’ll have to study up on a few things myself!”
It seems Éclair has set a goal for herself and is determined to do her best. Meanwhile, Panda has gone to visit Zou with her Father. Incidentally, I hear Father had a long conversation with Zou and didn’t return to his room until late at night. He must have spent some sweet time with Zou and Panda. With that, the “Rival” flag is off.
And that’s how the events at Zou’s parents’ house came to an end.
---
It’s the evening after we visited Zou’s parents’ house. By the way, during our conversation after returning from Zou’s parents’ house, my rival didn’t really have any complaints. I don’t have any weaknesses, after all. That’s only natural.
“Hey, Gaelion, I’m thinking of heading back to my hometown for a bit.”
The Rival suddenly said that during dinner.
“So, is the plan to visit Gaelion-chan’s house next?”
My Father asked the Rival with an air of “once bitten, twice shy.” Is there some significance to going to this guy’s parents’ place? …Come to think of it, I feel like I’ve only been to the cave where Rival’s parents live about once in each loop. Is there something going on?
“It’s not a house worth showing off, and you’ve already seen it. Besides, I think my older sister would give you the stink eye, so I don’t think you should come.”
“Well… I guess so. Is it okay to just go back home like I said before?”
“That’s the plan. I thought it might be a little early, but since I’ll be meeting with the Queen of Melromarc while I’m there to check things out, I figured it’d be fine.”
“Got it. When are we leaving?”
“I plan to head out right after dinner. Time is money.”
“That soon? Are you sure you don’t need to rest?”
My Father seems worried about my Rival for some reason, but this guy said it himself before: he makes his subordinates take on his fatigue. He’s an outrageously exploitative dragon.
“I’ll be fine! I’ll rest over there while I’m at it, so no problem.”
“Won’t they be startled by such a sudden visit…? Like, ‘A dragon invading our territory’ or something?”
At that, the Rival snorts derisively.
“Dad’s nothing but a pushover compared to the current Gaelion. There’s absolutely no way I’d lose, even by a slim chance.”
“I’m not so sure about that, though…”
“Yeah. I totally agree—it’s clearly just her making fun of him.”
“Mm-hmm.”
“Y-yeah, you’re right.”
Panda, Éclair, and Elephant all agree with Father’s opinion. HAHAHA, this is exactly the kind of reputation a disloyal dragon who doesn’t respect their parents deserves. You have to cherish your Father, just like I do, you know?
“Either way, it’ll be fine. You can send her off without worrying.”
“Gaelion-chan can be pretty pushy at times… Well, Sakura-chan will be happy if she goes to Melromarc, so I guess it’s okay.”
“Hmm? Can I see Mel-chan tomorrow?”
Sakura-chan, who had been quiet while her Rival was talking, realizes she’ll get to see her Finacée and cheerfully asks her Father.
“That’s right. How have you been lately, Sakura-chan? Are you having fun with Melty-chan?”
“Yeah. You know, at a party with Mel-chan… We sing and dance, you know? And sometimes we sneak out for secret outings and sing in front of the fountain or at places that serve drinks—everyone seems to be having a great time!”
Oh… It seems Sakura-chan has been promoting Filolial-sama in Melromarc alongside her Finacée. Apparently, their performances at evening parties and such have been well-received. Just like Filo-tan. I’m not exactly thrilled that her Finacée is taking on that role, but if it makes Sakura-chan popular, then it’s all good.
Ideally, I’d like to boost her popularity in Shieldfreeden, where it’s been a bit sluggish lately. I suppose I’ll have to consider entering Sakura-chan in races along the same lines as Yuki-chan. Well, as for me, my PR efforts at Shieldfreeden are starting to bear fruit.
Heh heh heh… Rival. My future Father is already on my side. While you’re leisurely visiting your hometown, Shieldfreeden will fall into our hands. Hahahahahaha!
“That’s great. Well, since we’ll see each other again tomorrow, maybe I’ll ask Sakura-chan and Melty-chan to put on a concert somewhere.”
“Got it!”
Sakura-chan nodded with a beaming smile. Oh, she truly lives up to being a Filo-tan, doesn’t she? What a divine smile!
“It’s great that Sakura and the others are singing, but it might be a good idea for Yuki and the others to join in as well, for the sake of goodwill.”
Lately, it seems Yuki-chan has been learning about public relations for Filolial-sama. She’s gradually started taking care of various things on her own, without me having to teach her.
By the way, among the Filolial-samas we received from the Great Filolial-sama, there were some who offered to help with management, as if to support Yuki-chan. Many of them take the form of adult Filolial-samas when they transform into angels. I hear that, thanks to this unprecedented lineup, they’ve managed to attract a new customer base.
So, after deciding on tomorrow’s plan, it’s time for dinner.
“Well then, Naofumi, see you later!”
Rival had used Father’s portal skill to head to Melromarc a step ahead of us. We decided to just go straight to bed. Heh heh heh, my Rival isn’t around… It’s a good night.
“Since Gaelion isn’t here, maybe I’ll stay over at Mel-chan’s place? What should I do?”
Sakura-chan said this while thinking about my Rival, who had returned home. Hmm? I feel like an option that hasn’t crossed my mind in a long time just popped up.
---
Let Sakura-chan go to her Finacée’s place. → Don’t let Sakura-chan go to her Finacée’s place.
---
This isn’t even a discussion. The answer is “Don’t let Sakura-chan go to her Finacée’s place”! With this, the happy ending is just around the corner—five seconds away!
Chapter 911 - Career Paths [2018/12/25 10:00]
“Sakura-chan, now that you don’t have any rivals, this is your chance to get some special attention from your Father.”
“Oh, really? Got it!”
After that little exchange, I looked out from the castle terrace toward the town below Siltvelt. I could see the town was quite lively, all things considered. In Melromarc, it’s usually quiet at this time of day.
“Ah, Motoyasu-kun.”
I turned at the sound of his voice, and there stood my father.
“Oh? Father, what brings you out here?”
“Well, nothing in particular—I just couldn’t fall asleep, so I was taking a stroll around the castle.”
My father seems a bit worn out lately. Not only does he spend time with Sakura-chan and Panda, but he’s also been leaning against Zou more often to unwind. It’s important to take it easy every once in a while.
“Are you all right?”
“Yeah, I’m fine.”
My father stood beside me, taking in the panoramic view of the castle town.
“……Gaelion’s return home, huh—”
My father muttered that under his breath.
“Do you want to go home, Father?”
In the first world, my father had categorically stated that he would return home without hesitation once the world was at peace. However, it seems his thoughts gradually changed, and in the end, he stayed. My father from the previous world also saw me off with a similar feeling. Then, my father looks at me with a subtle expression.
“I didn’t mean it that way. I suppose the other ‘me’ that Motoyasu-kun knows probably did want to go back, though.”
Hmm… It seems I was mistaken. Come to think of it, I remembered my Father once saying he wanted to explore this world more. I’m not sure exactly which loop that was, but if he doesn’t want to go back, then that must be how he really feels.
“It’s just… I felt a bit nostalgic. It’s only been a few months since I came to this other world, but I realized there are times when I feel that way.”
Hmm… From my perspective, my life back in Japan feels like something from the distant past. But do I feel nostalgic? …Come to think of it, I suppose I do, to some extent. More than that, though, I’m focused on tomorrow. True, from my Father’s perspective, my days in this other world haven’t been that long yet.
“It’s been such a continuous string of exciting days that it’s easy to forget, but before I came to this other world, I was a student… Speaking of which, what about you, Motoyasu?”
“Me?”
“Yeah. Ren and Itsuki are high school students, right, given their ages?　Since you’re a college student around the same age as Motoyasu, I was wondering—what was the college you attended like?”
My Father seems interested in my student days. Apparently, he says they’re very similar to a galge. But I’m also interested in your student days, Father.
“What was your college life like, Father?”
“Huh? Me? Hmm… Well, I guess I was pretty average in college? I didn’t stand out too much or cause too much of a ruckus—nothing special, nothing terrible. If anything, my social life was mainly online.”
“Oh, come to think of it, Itsuki once called you a ‘net-junkie.’”
“I suppose that’s not wrong… Though I’m a little surprised to hear it from Itsuki’s mouth—but you’re talking about another world, right?”
I nod. Itsuki in this world was a total mess, but there are worlds where he’s actually useful.
“That’s right. So, since Father is such a good cook, did you actually go to a culinary school?”
I’d been wondering about that for a while. Father’s cooking is really delicious, after all. I’m sure he must have attended a famous culinary college.
“Nah? Just a regular third-rate university. Part of the reason was that it was close to home.”
Huh? My guess was off. Just as I was thinking that, Father made a slightly exasperated face.
“Come to think of it, I vaguely remember my family telling me that once I dropped out or graduated from college, I should go to a culinary school…”
“Did you dislike that idea?”
“Not really. I think I just treated it as a safety net, at most.”
“Your restaurant would have been a huge success, I’m sure.”
“I don’t think it would have gone that far, though.”
That said, having tasted Father’s cooking in all sorts of settings, I can say with absolute certainty that it would have been a success. It’s delicious even at low levels and with unrefined skills. In other words, it’s a skill that my Father himself possesses.
“According to Itsuki, you said your Father comes from the world of cooking manga, didn’t you?”
“I’ve never actually seen any of those mysterious cooking competitions or anything… Oh well. Was there anything particularly noteworthy about my student life? That’s pretty much how I made my choices. With my brain, I just couldn’t study that hard anyway.”
You really underestimate yourself, Father. It’s thanks to you that I learned the Melromarc alphabet. There’s no doubt you’re the kind of person who can achieve anything if you put your mind to it.
“What about you, Motoyasu? It seems like you had quite a romantic college life.”
“That’s true… Come to think of it, I remember there were three major relationships when I decided to go to college.”
“Which university did you attend before coming here?”
“A big university in the city. I was told I had a shot at getting in based on my academic ability, so I applied. It was a prestigious school, the kind people say gives you an edge when looking for a job.”
“Ah… Like the University of Tokyo or something similar?”
“The abbreviation’s different, but I’d say it’s just a notch below that.”
“Motoyasu, you’re pretty smart. And yet… no, intelligence and action are two different things, aren’t they?”
My Father just complimented me! That’s right. No matter how smart you are, nothing happens unless you take action. Action is more important than intelligence!
“Wisdom over intelligence, indeed!”
“W-well, something like that…”
“Getting back to the story, well, I ended up moving to Tokyo, got all worked up over a girl, and ended up getting stabbed.”
Since I ended up coming to this other world and discovering true love, I have no regrets. My wish is simply to spend more time with Filo-tan.
“So there was a chance you could’ve gone to the other two places too?”
“That’s right.”
“I wonder what my college life would’ve been like?”
“Hmm… One of them was a large university near my hometown—one of several there. If I’d chosen that one, I’d have ended up going to school with a pig I could call an old friend—who’d come wake me up every morning—and a ridiculously rich pig.”
Since I’d changed schools so often, our connection was a bit tenuous, but when I lived in that town, there was this pig who lived next door—an old acquaintance—who would come by every single morning to wake me up. As for the rich pig… I can’t really remember him. I just vaguely recall meeting him once or twice when I was little.
“It’s kind of… a cliché, isn’t it?”
“There were pigs all over the place claiming to be old friends, weren’t there? Even though they’d only lived in the neighborhood for a few months back when I was in elementary school, they sure did a good job of it.”
“Hmm… I wonder if you were to condense the protagonists of multiple gal games, you’d end up with a background like Motoyasu-kun’s…”
My Father is listening with great interest. Well then, let’s talk some more. My Father from the first world didn’t seem interested in this sort of thing, so I never had a chance to talk to him about it.
“If I had to say what sets it apart, it’s that the rich jerk I met there was actually incredibly wealthy. He had a lot of connections with business tycoons from various industries, and when I was attending that university, he used to talk about buying up the surrounding land and clearing it so I could go straight from home to school, or even digging a direct underground tunnel.”
“Ah, there used to be characters like that—ridiculously rich—in old manga and gal games, right? Wait, is this actually real…? But if that’s the case, I’m scared to think what’ll happen to the woman who killed Motoyasu.”
It wasn’t a woman who killed me—it was a pig, wasn’t it? Well, the details don’t really matter.
“By the way, back in high school, I got hooked on competitive robot games at that local arcade. That was before I got hooked on Emerald Online.”
I used to practice day and night with a friend. If I’d been attending this university, my passion for those games might have been reignited. Incidentally, this friend—unusually for me—is a guy. Well, he had a slender build and a face as delicate as a woman’s, though.
“Huh—a cyber-mechanical game? Like *Mobile Warrior*?”
I don’t quite understand Father’s explanation, but he’s probably right. It seems every world has games like that.
“Anyway, that’s one of them. The other is… a university my grandfather, who loves history, recommended. He said it was a prestigious, traditional university.”
“So, despite what you say, Motoyasu-kun comes from a pretty good family, huh?”
“It’s not quite that. It’s just that my grandfather recommended it. My grandfather loves the Romance of the Three Kingdoms, the Warring States period, and Chūshingura. Thanks to everything he taught me, history was my strongest subject.”
In that sense, my grandfather really helped me out. I’ve never failed a test on things like historical eras or dates.
“...Hey, Motoyasu, in your version of Japan, are the military commanders actually women?”
“They’re men, aren’t they?”
Why would the military commanders be women? Or rather, historically speaking, I think it’s only in recent years that women’s status and influence have really grown, don’t you think?
“You’re right. It’s not like Japan would go so far as to have female military commanders, is it? I was just wondering—was Motoyasu-kun’s Japan a world where there were fewer men?”
Hmm… It seems that my Japan and my Father’s Japan are similar yet different. I know there are differences between Itsuki and Ren’s worlds as well. It’s not that I think I’m strange; those kinds of differences might just exist.
“I did go check out the open houses at every university, just to be sure. As for the one my grandfather recommended… well, for some reason, I was curious about a warehouse, so I peeked inside and saw a large, old mirror—that really stuck with me. I’m sure that must have been the main attraction.”
I suppose my grandfather recommended it to me because it was an item with a certain charm that draws people in.
“Huh… So you went through quite a lot before coming to this world, Motoyasu-kun.”
“That’s all in the past—stories from when I was a foolish man. For me, this world is everything.”
This world, where Filo-tan and Filolial-sama are, is my ultimate joy. I can’t even imagine any other world. I don’t want to go back, either.
“Anyway, I went to a university in the city in search of new horizons. I have no regrets about that decision. After all, it led me to meet Filo-tan and awaken to true love.”
As I say that, my student life so far flashes before my eyes. …Come to think of it, my student days were nothing but romances with pigs—how foolish of me.
Huh? There’s someone in my memory who looks like a woman. That’s strange, isn’t it? Almost everyone I dated back then was supposed to be a pig… As I recalled the person who popped into my mind from head to toe, I mulled over why she wasn’t a pig—and then it hit me.
Come to think of it, this woman… wasn’t a woman at all—she was a man. He was a man with an incredibly slender build who enjoyed cross-dressing, so I mistook him for a woman. He was kind of like Midoriya or Kuro-chan. I’ve had romantic relationships with people like that, too.
Sometimes I knew he was a man from the start, sometimes I found out later, and sometimes I said I still loved him even after realizing it. Thinking about the times I slept with pigs makes me feel nauseous, but as for the times I had relationships with men… I don’t feel particularly bad about them. It’s practically no different from being with a woman.
It’s just like how I cherish Midoriya, Kou, and Kuro-chan, just as I do Yuki-chan and Sakura-chan. With Filo-tan at the top of the pyramid and the great Filolial-sama right below her, I love Filolial-sama just as much. Gender isn’t really a big deal.
With that said, I turn my gaze toward my Father. Come to think of it, this Father was the one who stopped me—when I’d gone berserk after remembering Takt—amidst the flames. I can still remember that moment clearly.
“Yeah… I understand how you feel, so—”
After that, I’m pretty sure he said something romantic. That’s right. This father is that very same father.
“…Motoyasu-kun? What’s wrong?”
Hmm… He isn’t dressed in women’s clothes, but he does look cute. Maybe it’s because he’s a gentle father—unlike the one from the first world—that this aspect stands out more, and I’ve come to recognize it.
Come to think of it, my rival once said he was after my Father’s virginity. Since my Father already has a panda and an elephant, I assume he’s lost his virginity, but what about his virginity? It wouldn’t be at all surprising if my rival had been aiming for that from the start.
In that case… I, Motoyasu, might be able to lend a hand. I’ll confront my Father with the same expression I had when I seduced that man in women’s clothes, and I’ll place my hand on his face.
“Motoyasu-kun? You seem a little off today…”
“You must be exhausted. Let me help you.”
I genuinely want to be there for my Father. After all, I’ve helped men in drag before—I know they have all sorts of pent-up desires they want to unleash, and I’ve been there to support them emotionally.
“Huh? Ah… yeah. You’ve helped me out a lot, Motoyasu-kun.”
“That’s not all—I might be able to help you even more.”
I exhale softly into my Father’s ear.
“Eek!? It feels just like when Motoyasu-kun licked my neck before!?”
My Father seems a little frightened, but momentum is key here. I’ve got to keep pushing.
“Just like you’d lean on a panda or an elephant, it’s okay to lean on me, too, you know?”
“Eh…? Well… um…”
After all, the story is that my Father was planning to sleep with Torao. I’m sure my Father, feeling hurt, wanted me to do something like this. If I take one more step and push a little harder, I think he’ll sleep with me tonight. Just as I was thinking that—
“Hmm… Naofumi… there you are.”
Sakura-chan came shuffling over, still half-asleep.
“Ah, Sakura-chan! Did I wake you up? Sorry about that. But you saved me.”
My Father approached Sakura-chan and spoke to her, as if suddenly snapping back to his senses.
“Well then, let’s go back to your room and get some more sleep. Motoyasu-kun, thanks for talking things over with me.”
“You’re welcome. And Father, I’ll always be here to help you out. Just be careful of that pig and your Rival!”
“Um… yeah, thanks.”
Although I had my doubts, I trusted my Father to stay on the straight and narrow, so I said goodbye to him that day and went back to my room to sleep. If Sakura-chan had gone to see her Finacée… things might have worked out!
The Ultimate Sakura Block is activated!
Chapter 912 - A Dragon Without Pride [2019/01/01 10:00]
Happy New Year. I look forward to working with you again this year. The next day. I guess I have no choice—I’ll be using a portal to travel with my Father to the meeting spot with my Rival. We’ve got a bunch of diplomatic engagements lined up in Melromarc, after all. The main purpose is to hear about the issues regarding Trash and the results of the investigation. While I’m at it, I’d better ask him to arrange a visit to Cal Mira Island as well. With that in mind, as I was waiting in front of the mountain near Rival’s parents’ house—our meeting spot—…
“I’m home!”
Rival arrived, flying in the form of a dragon.
“Um…”
“……”
And for some reason, she’s brought along her Assistant, who’s got an incredibly intense glare in her eyes. The Assistant, still cradled in Rival’s arms, has been glaring at us the whole time. Father is pointing at Rival.
“My big sister insisted on coming along and wouldn’t let go, so I brought her with me.”
“I found you! You little sister thieves! How dare you steal my little sister!”
Just as the Assistant said that, Rival quickly turned her back to hide the Assistant. She’s getting right to it, isn’t she?
“Big sis, that’s not what we agreed on. You’re not supposed to say things like that to Naofumi and the others.”
“But it’s the truth.”
“Hmm… That’s why I’ve explained it so many times. Gaelion chose to go with Naofumi and the others on her own.”
“But you said that name is Dad’s name!”
“I told you this, too. It’s a name given to Gaelion by a big sister from a different future.”
“But you’re still you.”
“Ugh, seriously… this is such a hassle… It’s not like Gaelion has started hating you or turned into a different dragon—he’s just out and about.”
“After making him grow this big, you’re still going to say that?”
It seems they’re still arguing about something. Heh heh heh, I think this would be a good opportunity to reveal the Rival’s true identity to my Father.
“Big Sis, Gaelion is a rising star. He’s an incredibly strong, invincible dragon. He’s a bit full of himself, but he only got to where he is thanks to Naofumi and the others.”
“What’s going to happen to our lives?”
“Well, I brought him some treats yesterday and gave him a territory, so Dad seemed satisfied.”
“Oh… that, huh.”
The Assistant seems genuinely off her rocker. She’s referring to her parent as “that.” I seem to recall that the Assistant from past loops actually respected her parent.
“Big sis, you should tone down your contempt for Dad a bit. He was really depressed when you hated him.”
“A dragon without pride who sacrificed his own daughter just to save his own skin.”
“Big sis, face the facts. Dad’s such a pathetic dragon that he can even call himself the Weakest Dragon Emperor. It’s too late now.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
The panda chimes in. With that, Rival turned around, forcing a smile.
“I’ll definitely get my little sister back!”
“Even though she looks so different now, you can still recognize Gaelion-chan as your little sister, huh?”
“Of course! You little sister-stealers! I’ve heard what you did to my little sister. You came from another world? So what?!”
“From the perspective of someone stuck in a loop, is this actually a welcome reaction?”
My father looks a bit puzzled. I’m not really sure. In most worlds, my fathers accept me without issue, so I haven’t really felt anything out of the ordinary.
“Big sis, shh…”
“Ah, wait a minute!”
Rival covers the Assistant’s mouth with her hand before explaining to my fathers.
“She went home to win a turf war and improve her parents’ lives. Separately from that, my big sister had fallen ill.”
“Hmm, I can kind of tell just by looking at her. It seems she really isn’t okay after all.”
“It seems she took my brother and sisters with her to hunt monsters and train in search of strength. Apparently, she was trying her best to get Gaelion back. She must have been pretty energetic, because her territory had gotten quite large.”
This loop’s Assistant seems quite aggressive, doesn’t she? To think she was acting like some sort of monster tamer while leading her siblings around… Come to think of it, she was chosen as one of the Vassal Weapons in the first world, wasn’t she? Maybe she really did have a knack for it.
“And… she seems to be convinced that Dad handed over Gaelion just to save his own life, so she’d lost her dignity and was feeling down.”
“Your parents have been pathetic for a while now.”
“I won’t deny it.”
“No, let’s just deny that part.”
After all, they’re parent dragons. It’s too late to be pathetic now. If anything, Rival is the most troublesome of the lot.
“So, just as I was about to leave—thinking it was time to go—my big sister refused to budge, insisting she’d absolutely come with me, so I ended up having to look after her for a while. Even Dad couldn’t refuse, given Gaelion’s strength.”
“Well… if that’s what it takes to satisfy her, isn’t that fine? Though… is it really okay to take her to Shieldfreeden…?”
“My big sis has a certain wild instinct, so she’s sensitive. I think she’ll be fine once I do a Class Up on her.”
That’s a pretty casual way of putting it.
“To begin with, my big sis…”
The Rival spreads his arms wide and speaks to the Assistant with a serious expression, as if trying to reason with him.
“No matter how hard you try, Big Sis, you’re not a dragon… Dad was planning to send you back to the human world eventually. That won’t change even with Gaelion. Are you… aware of that?”
“……”
The Assistant remains silent, her brows furrowed conspicuously. It feels like the kind of thing you know deep down, but it’s still unpleasant when it’s thrown in your face.
“No matter how things turn out, if Dad were to be killed in some incident, Big Sister’s life would be over. To prevent that, Big Sister was scheduled to leave the nest soon. Gaelion was entrusted to her as a younger sister to help with that.”
Having said that, my rival gazes at my Father with a distant, somewhat lonely look in her eyes. Hahaha, that look won’t work on me. It’s useless trying to elicit my sympathy.
“…Originally, Gaelion was supposed to die without fulfilling that role, and my older sister…”
After a moment, my Rival shook her head slightly and said to her Assistant:
“My older sister is going to experience the human world alongside Gaelion. After all, the world is currently facing an unprecedented crisis, and that’s why Gaelion is working hard alongside everyone else.”
“A newborn little sister’s job is to grow up playing!”
“She’s already had plenty of fun and grown up by now! From now on, I’m going to show my big sister some difficult and fun toys… I’m going to show her the world!”
Does that mean she’s going to turn the world into a toy!? She’s a real piece of work.
“Gaelion, that sounds like it’d be really bad for that kid’s education. Are you sure it’s okay?”
“I kind of get the feeling something’s off here.”
“No doubt about it.”
“Please don’t nitpick my words. Anyway, big sis, you’re going to keep your promise. Otherwise, I’m leaving you behind right here.”
The Rival seized the moment to intimidate the Assistant. The Assistant then looked over at us with a reluctant expression and said:
“My name is Wyndia… May I… stay with you for a while?”
Father looked at Rival, then shifted his gaze to the Assistant and nodded.
“Yeah, sure. Gaelion, make sure to protect her well.”
“It’s a big sister’s job to protect her little sister!”
“Big sis, you know Gaelion is stronger right now. In the wild, strength determines the hierarchy. Whether you’re the older or younger sister, that’s an undeniable fact.”
“……”
Hmm… I see. Her pride as an older sister is getting the better of her, I suppose. Honestly, the Assistant right now would be knocked out by a single flick from the Rival.
“Well then… since you probably don’t want to face us, make sure you don’t stray from Gaelion-chan, okay? And you know, I didn’t exactly ‘steal’ Gaelion-chan—I’m just borrowing her strength. So, whenever Gaelion-chan wants to go home, I’ll send her right back.”
“That would make me a little lonely, though—”
Rival is seizing this chance to make his move, but Father isn’t falling for your temptations anymore! He’s got an elephant and a panda, after all. Father is a man of integrity. The assistant looked back and forth between my Father and the Rival, then nodded.
“I understand… I look forward to working with you from now on.”
It seems the assistant has accepted Father’s instructions, as he’s sticking close to the Rival and tagging along with us. And so, we headed to the castle in Melromarc.
---
“Thank you very much for joining us at this meeting in Melromarc.”
The queen opened the meeting with a greeting. Representing Siltvelt were my father and the elders of the Shusaku and Genmu clans. Representing Shieldfreeden was Rival.
It seems this meeting is for a progress report on that Trash who escaped and to discuss matters related to Éclair’s family. Officially, it’s a discussion aimed at building friendly relations, and it seems they need the pretext that Shieldfreeden is cooperating.
There are various other matters as well, so I absolutely must have a talk with the Queen. Whenever they have a spare moment, Sakura-chan and Filolial-sama go visit their Finacées. I’d like to go hang out with Filolial-sama, too.
“Regarding this report… well, as for the impostor claiming to be the Wise King of Wisdom who escaped from our castle… we still haven’t been able to locate him. We can only lament our own shortcomings.”
“No… please don’t worry about it…”
After all, rather than just being good at hiding, there are some shady characters involved. Still, I wonder where Trash is hiding. By the way, my assistant can’t quite wrap his head around the situation and is looking around nervously while sitting on Rival’s lap.
“Still… it’s actually pretty impressive that we still can’t find him…”
“Even though people from our country are cooperating in the search…”
I hear that a tracking team from Siltvelt is also taking various actions. And yet, he still can’t be found… Could he have just died alone somewhere? If he were to show up as a ghost, I’d take it as nothing but a joke. HAHAHA.
“In any case, please do not let your guard down.”
“Yeah. Also, as a countermeasure against the one impersonating the Wise King, I’ve been told that the subordinates of Larsazusa—my guardian knight—will lend a hand. Please discuss this later when I’m not around.”
I heard that if the tiger siblings were to meet Father, it would cause problems within Siltvelt. Thanks to the medical care, the tiger girl has made a full recovery, and she’s been going out here and there, carried on the tiger boy’s back. She says she can walk, but it seems she hasn’t tried it yet. Well, I think the Queen will understand the situation just by seeing the tiger girl.
“Understood. By the way, is Knight Éclair able to be of assistance to the Heroes?”
“Yes, absolutely… I believe it is thanks to her that Melromarc and Siltvelt have been able to maintain friendly relations despite these events.”
It seems my Father is praising Éclair with the highest possible praise.
“Therefore, I would very much like you to prioritize the reconstruction of Knight Eclair’s domain.”
“As requested by Siltvelt, we are currently working at a rapid pace to rebuild the Seaetto domain. We are continuing various projects, starting with the protection of those who were targeted in the slave raids.”
“That’s the most important thing.”
It seems the people from Big Sister’s village are also being protected and are in the process of rebuilding. It’s a shame we can’t carry out that sort of work in this loop. Couldn’t you convince him by pointing to Éclair’s military exploits and saying Father is urging him to help?
Well… I understand why it’s better not to tell Big Sister—as Rival mentioned. After all, she was so shaken when she found out my sister had passed away. Back then, she managed to pull through thanks to Father’s passion, but if she were to learn the truth upon meeting him for the first time and fall ill again, even Father wouldn’t be able to be that firm.
It’s frustrating, isn’t it…? Since lies won’t work on Big Sister’s older sister, it’s impossible to keep deceiving her. Having this knowledge of the loop is incredibly inconvenient.
“Oh, right. Some good news from within our kingdom of Melromarc: I’ve heard that Sakura-sama of Filolial—whom my daughter Melty and the Heroes are taking care of—is gaining popularity thanks to the publicity efforts at taverns across the land, including the nobles’ soirées.”
The Queen reports this to me with a smile. Oh… Is my Finacée spreading Sakura-chan’s popularity throughout Melromarc? It’s truly fitting of a Finacée that things have turned out this way even though I didn’t say anything in particular. It’s frustrating, but I have no choice but to acknowledge her character and abilities.
Chapter 913 - A scorched wasteland [2019/01/08 10:00]
"The plot goes like this: Princess Melty secretly performs music, and with Sakura of Filolial as her partner, they spread the word through song to protect Melromarc, Siltvelt, Shieldfreeden—and ultimately the entire world—from the waves engulfing the world and the remnants of the evil pseudo-hero Takt… and is spreading word of this crisis through her songs…”
“Well, well… it seems the Queen of Melromarc has a truly reliable successor.”
The elders of the Shusaku and Genmu clans both offered the Queen their customary words of praise.
“Well then, our nation cannot afford to lag behind forever. I earnestly request that you, the Shield Hero, along with Knight Larsazusa and the other Guardian Knights, do your utmost. It’s about time we increased our ranks as well.”
“Y-yeah, you’re right.”
I heard this later from my Father: apparently, he seized this opportunity to imply a request for us to have children behind those words. Even I found that one hard to pick up on.
“In that regard, as a future task—and since Faubrey has also made a request—I’d like to coordinate our efforts regarding the protection of the Sword Hero.”
It seems the Queen has shifted from a lighthearted topic to a serious one. Is this about Ren’s protection? Come to think of it, I haven’t seen him since returning to this loop. Last time, he was erased by Takt, so it feels like it’s been quite a while since I last saw him.
“Due to the blunder committed by our nation, Melromarc, we’ve lost the trust of others, and the whereabouts of the Sword Hero remain unknown. Based on the Spear Hero’s testimony, we’ve requested that Zeltoble conduct a search there as well, and searches are currently underway in various nations, but he has not yet been found.”
All eyes turned to me. So Ren still hasn’t been found, huh? In the loop where we stayed in Melromarc, he would’ve slipped back in under the guise of a righteous hero, taking advantage of the commotion when the queen returned.
“Hasn’t he shown up yet?”
Just how distrustful of people is she? Well, perhaps it’s partly because we weren’t torn to shreds by Trash during the first wave we participated in back then. Ren has a tendency to be unnecessarily stubborn, after all. Objectively speaking, being told to keep your distance might feel different from being told to your face that you’re not trying hard enough.
“Yes… I had intended to have the country’s shadow forces search as well, but since the Hero can teleport…”
When the Portal skill is used, even the Shadow finds it difficult to track him. If I recall correctly, I heard that in the first world—and especially as we began using portals for travel across various loops—the Shadow often ended up confined to monitoring our bases.
“I hope we can find him somewhere and have a talk…”
“Well, I think the Sword Hero of this loop would at least be willing to listen to what we have to say.”
Our Rival seizes the moment and raises his hand to speak.
“Gaelion is trying to lure out the Sword Hero here… no, wait—he might already be here, so I won’t say anything.”
“What might that be, Lord Gaelion, the representative dragon of Shieldfreeden?”
Guh… Even the Queen is addressing my Rival with the honorific “Lord”! This guy’s got his head in the clouds. Everyone, don’t be fooled!
“The Sword Hero is a level-grinding addict and a level-obsessed fanatic. Even if such a guy is hiding out, the ‘honey’ he’d produce should be in season right now in this country!”
The Queen nodded as if convinced by Rival’s proposal and hid her mouth with her fan. Ah, I see. Indeed, Ren would probably show up.
“It’s Cal Mira Island, isn’t it!”
“I see… revitalizing Cal Mira Island, huh… It certainly wouldn’t be surprising if the Hero were mingling among them.”
“Exactly. How about we bring in Naofumi and the others from Siltvelt to join us and boost our combat strength?”
“Wouldn’t it have been more efficient for us if Gaelion-chan had fought at sea?”
“That’s exactly why we need a small, elite force. If we use Cal Mira Island, we can boost our numbers significantly—even with the level cap.”
“…I see. Considering what lies ahead, it can’t hurt to go. It’s important, especially with the remnants of the Takt faction and such to consider.”
The representatives from Siltvelt, including the Queen, are nodding in agreement. This is a great opportunity. I’m going to buy up all the Filolial-sama and increase my numbers, too.
“And while we’re at it, Spear Hero. Since you’re the type who’s probably already thinking about increasing your Filolial-sama count anyway, this is the perfect chance.”
Dammit… that Rival of mine is throwing salt in my face again! Don’t read my mind!
“I’ll do it even without you telling me!”
“Now, now… Anyway, it’s a good spot to lure out Ren, who’s hiding somewhere and can’t be found.”
“Exactly. He might already be on the island.”
“Got it. Still… is it okay if I stay on the island and look for him?”
“Father, I’m here too, you know?”
For some reason, my father brushed me off.
“Motoyasu, you want to train more Filolials, don’t you? It’d be a problem if we had too many right now, but since it’s what you want to do, I suppose it’s fine.”
What?! So that suggestion was actually made with me in mind! But I need to be careful here.
“Rival, you’re planning to go after my Father while I’m away, aren’t you?!”
Then, for some reason, Rival waved his hand sideways and acted like he was refusing.
“It’s a bit of a shame, but I have diplomatic engagements in Gaelion scheduled, so I won’t be able to join you until later.”
“Is something up?”
“Yeah. The Queen of Melromarc and the representative from Siltvelt—I’d like you to hear them out. The seal on the Spirit Tortoise is about to be broken soon. So, to minimize the number of victims, how about we engage in diplomacy with that country?”
Huh? So my Rival isn’t coming to Cal Mira Island after all? This is a stroke of luck! A vacation on a southern island with my Father and the others! Yippee! The hot sun and the blue sea are calling us!
“…You’re right. It might be a good idea to make a proposal in advance.”
“If it can reduce the casualties, there’s no reason not to do it.”
“Lord Gaelion, Representative of Shieldfreeden, are you aware of the time limit for the Spirit Tortoise’s seal?”
“Of course I am. If the heroes don’t get involved, I know exactly when the seal will be broken. I’d like to take care of this while the Sword Hero is still under the honey’s spell.”
It seems the discussion has progressed quite a bit.
“Do we have to participate?”
At this point, Father asks the Queen and his Rival if he feels some sort of obligation. In response, the representatives all make grim faces and shake their heads.
“Honestly, we’d prefer to avoid sending the Heroes on a diplomatic mission to that country…”
“That country is arguably the most corrupt and exclusive of all. If the Heroes were to visit, who knows what they might do, taking advantage of the situation…”
“Unless it’s a matter the Heroes absolutely insist on handling, I think we should avoid it.”
Hmm… Was it really such a troubled country? Well, I did go in based on what I knew from the game at first. I headed straight for the Spirit Tortoise’s seal, which was my target. …Come to think of it, that was a foolish thing to do.
“So, leave it to Gaelion and the others!”
“Well, if Gaelion-chan says so… I guess it’ll be okay? What if we accidentally provoke the Spirit Tortoise into reviving, and the remaining Takt forces take advantage of the situation?”
“Hmm… That’s exactly why I want Naofumi and the others to get stronger. Gaelion should be able to hold off something like the Spirit Tortoise, so if the worst happens, I’d like them to come to our aid.”
“Hmm…”
My father is grumbling as if he’s troubled.
“Naofumi, do you think Gaelion is unreliable?”
It feels like my Rival is seizing this opportunity to show off!
“It’s not exactly that, but…”
“Father! If anything happens, I’ll take care of it with ease!”
I won’t lose this time. Even if the Spirit Tortoise’s seal is broken and the Phoenix’s seal is broken, I’ll handle it swiftly this time.
“That’s right. In terms of combat power, as long as we have the Spear Hero, they’re no problem. Naofumi, I want you to be extra careful, though.”
He brushed it off casually. I get the feeling my Rival’s evasion skills have improved. The Rival from before would have argued back, but… I’ll have to be on my guard against this one.
“……I get it. But don’t take any unnecessary risks, okay?”
“Of course. When I think about how many lives could be lost because of a Gaelion mistake, I simply can’t afford to fail.”
And so, Rival has decided to lead a diplomatic mission to the country where the Spirit Tortoise is sealed. Not only the Queen, but the people of Siltvelt are going as well. Conversely, for once, my Father and I are taking a different course of action.
“……”
My Assistant just sat there, staring intently at our exchange. Anyway, after discussing various other matters, the meeting seems to have concluded.
It appears my Rival, the Queen, and the representatives from Siltvelt discussed the supplies and funds each country could allocate. It was all technical talk—a real hassle. For the most part, it seems we’re starting to break down the strongholds of the nobles who’ve amassed wealth thanks to our Rival’s rising approval ratings. While Shieldfreeden’s debt is enormous, things seem to be finally starting to turn around. All that’s left is to root out the remaining Takt forces and track down and confiscate the stolen national budget!
So, my Father and I—though we’re not exactly thrilled about it—are here to keep an eye on Ren, who’s likely coming to Cal Mira Island at Rival’s suggestion. Since the portals on Cal Mira Island are out of commission during this time of year, we should at least be able to secure an opportunity to talk with Ren. Ren doesn’t harbor any hostility toward us, so it should be fine even if we run into him.
“Well then, Father, I’m going to go procure some of Filolial-sama’s eggs.”
“So that’s how it’s going to turn out, after all… Well, I’ll be making preparations for departure over in Siltvelt, so please don’t go overboard, Motoyasu-kun. After all, there are so many Filolials, and managing them is a real hassle.”
“Of course! First… let’s stop by and say hello to that Filolial breeder! I’ll bring Yuki-chan, Kou, and Sakura-chan along!”
Come to think of it, even though we’d bought some from them in this loop, we hadn’t gone to say hello. It’s time to show off Yuki-chan and the others, who’ve grown into legendary Filolials! So, I called out to Yuki-chan, Kou, and Sakura-chan, and we immediately used a portal to head over to the Filolial producer’s place.
---
“So we’re going to the place where Lord Motoyasu first acquired Yuki and the others, aren’t we?”
“That’s right.”
Before we set off, Yuki-chan asked me that, so I answered. It’s sort of like their birthplace. That breeder runs a great ranch.
“Hmm?”
“The place where you were when you were an egg?”
Sakura-chan and Kou don’t seem to get it.
“By the way, he’s a breeder who’s really dedicated to the Filolial Race. I think he’ll be someone Yuki-chan finds particularly interesting.”
“…I’m looking forward to it.”
Well, I already know he’ll end up causing trouble in the future world, so it’s pretty much stuck in my head. If I told them right now that Yuki is the ranch owner who’s been the talk of Shieldfreeden, I guarantee they’d be shocked.
“Alright, let’s go!”
“Ooh!”
We used a portal to teleport to Filolial Ranch. But what awaited us there was a sight beyond imagination.
“W-what is this—”
“W-what on earth is going on?! Filolial-samaaaaaaaaaaa!”
That’s right—all I could do was scream. The reason was that Filolial’s ranch area had been reduced to a scorched wasteland. The cozy, peaceful atmosphere of the ranch was gone… It had been reduced to scorched earth, with charred fences… and houses… Not a trace of tranquility remained in the area. Yuki-chan examines the charred fence.
“…It seems like this happened quite a while ago.”
I check it out too. Indeed… it’s completely cold to the touch. You can tell at a glance that it wasn’t burning just a moment ago. There’s no sign of smoke either. It looks like a complete ruin.
“W-what on earth is going on!?”
At least, nothing like this has ever happened in any of the loops so far. Could a Filolial producer have caused a fire by being careless with fire?
I’ll search the area. I check not only the Filolial shed where the producers were, but also the site of the warehouse where eggs and such were stored—but all that remains are the charred ruins. Hmm… I suppose I should ask around.
With that in mind, I’ll look for buildings nearby that seem to be associated with the Filolial industry. But… I’ve… found something.
Countless makeshift graves. And… the Monster Merchant and his companions, looking deeply sorrowful as they perform the burials. Yuki-chan and the others have sensed something ominous and are keeping their distance. I’ll have to ask them myself.
“Oh my, I believe that’s the Spear Hero over there. Yes.”
“H-hey, it’s been a while.”
“Yes… Thank you very much for patronizing our shop back then.”
“By the way, what are you doing here?”
“Well… we stopped by here to purchase monster eggs as part of our side business… but unfortunately, we’re not sure exactly what led to this situation. Yes.”
The monster merchant continues his explanation, seeming to struggle with the words.
“This entire area—whether it was bandits or monsters… we’re not sure exactly who—has been reduced to a scorched wasteland by an attack… and since the monsters’ corpses were left lying around, we’re in the middle of burying them.”
…… It seems the monster merchant is simply doing his job as a monster merchant. Since we ran into him in the middle of it, he’s burying the dead monsters. But… normally, monsters shouldn’t have a problem being left out in the open. So why does he have to bury them, I wonder?
Chapter 914 - Burial [2019/01/15 10:00]
“…There’s also a hint of evil Magic here, so we must bury it with the cooperation of a clergyman. Spear Hero, would you be so kind as to assist us? Yes.”
“W-what kind of monster are we burying?”
“……”
The monster merchant silently stepped aside to let me pass and showed me the hole they were having me dig.
“W-what is this… Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?”
All I could do was let out a bloodcurdling scream. There… lay the charred, mangled corpses of countless Filolial-samas, callously discarded.
“Motoyasu-sama!”
“Yaaah!”
“Yaaah!”
Yuki-chan rushed over to me, while Sakura-chan and Kou both ran away.
“Ooooh… uuuuugh…”
Tears streamed from my eyes like a waterfall. Filolial-sama, Filolial-sama… How did things come to this? It’s coming back to me now. This little one belongs to the Filolial breeder I once petted in another loop. Oh… why, why did this happen?
“I’ve heard through the grapevine that you’re one of the Filolials accompanying the Spear Hero, aren’t you? Yes.”
Ignoring my lamentations, the Monster Merchant addresses Yuki-chan.
“That’s right. I’m Yuki, the one in charge of Motoyasu’s Filolials.”
“We’re well aware that the Spear Hero holds the Filolials very dear. With that in mind… could we ask for a little help?”
“What is it?”
The monster merchant points to a spot far away from the burial site.
“It seems evil magic was used… I’d like you to help bring peace to the one over there. Here.”
Even I, with tears streaming down my face, could see the ominous clouds hanging over that spot, despite it being broad daylight. Beneath those clouds… I could make out a figure that looked like Filolial-sama.
“Filolial-sama…?”
“!? Motoyasu-sama! You must not go there. Yuki—Yuki will go! Kou! Sakura! Let’s go!”
“Nooo!”
“I don’t want to!”
“Just listen to me! This is an order!”
Yuki-chan, now transformed into Filolial-sama, runs toward the group that appears to be Filolial-sama and her companions, practically dragging Kou and Sakura-chan along with her. Yuki-chan, who never lost her cheerfulness even amidst her nobility, headed toward them with a very serious expression.
“Spear Hero. Yes?”
The Monster Merchant calls out to me, as if to block my line of sight.
“What is it? Should I go help Yuki-chan, too?”
“No, I’d like you, Spear Hero, to give these Filolials a proper burial. Yes.”
“But…”
“Oh, come now. I’ve heard of the Spear Hero’s exploits with the Filolials. If it’s the Spear Hero, I can leave it to you with complete peace of mind.”
With those words, the Monster Merchant—unusually for him—insisted on sending me off. I can hear Yuki-chan and the others’ cheerful voices, so they seem to be doing just fine.
“But… what on earth happened here?”
My blood is boiling. I have to at least remember that before I leave.
“With the master of this place missing… Yes. I suppose we’ll just have to investigate the truth later.”
“Can I help?”
“No, please just leave this to us. We must bring down the full force of the law on anyone who pulls a stunt like this. Well, if we have to use force to do so, we’d certainly appreciate your cooperation, Spear Hero.”
“When that time comes, call me first.”
“Understood. Yes.”
All things considered, this monster merchant does have ties to Zeltoble. He also has significant connections to the underworld. In other words, he might be able to find information leading to the culprit behind this. Of course, I plan to ask my Father for help with the investigation as well, but the more hands on deck, the better.
“So then… what brings the Spear Hero to this region?”
“To purchase Filolial-sama, of course.”
“I see… That’s a silver lining, isn’t it?”
The monster merchant greets me with a gleaming, cheerful expression, rubbing his hands together. I’m sorry, but I’m in the middle of helping with a burial right now.
“I am in the middle of a buying trip, but I managed to secure a few Filolial eggs while stopping by another region. What shall I do with them?”
“Aren’t those stolen goods from here?”
“What?! I may like to deceive customers with lies, but I would never commit such a sacrilege against the trade as selling outright stolen goods. No! That’s the job of a pawnbroker.”
It’s a bit concerning that he speaks as if he does handle stolen goods in general. But I get that he’s saying these aren’t items stolen right here.
“……Considering the cooperation of the Filolials serving under the Spear Hero, I’ll offer them at a discount. How about it?”
“I’ll take them.”
After all, my goal from the start was to increase the number of Filolial-sama. In any case, I now have more to do. Once I’m done luring out Ren on Cal Mira Island and training the Filolial-sama, I’ll make those who reduced the Filolial-sama’s ranch to a scorched wasteland pay for what they’ve done!
I absolutely cannot let them live! The lives of the Filolial-sama are far more precious than yours!
A little while later, Yuki-chan and the others returned, looking a bit worn out. They must have taken a dip along the way—they all look quite clean now. It seems they washed themselves thoroughly.
Anyway… I stood before the Filolial-sama’s graves for a long time, clasping my hands together and praying for their souls to rest in peace. ……As a Soul Eater Spear, I felt as though I could see the souls of Filolial-sama and the others… but since that felt inappropriate, I quietly assisted the priest summoned by the monster merchant in performing the memorial rites.
Whatever the outcome, since I’d managed to procure Filolial-sama’s eggs, I returned to my Father and began preparing to go to Cal Mira Island.
“Someone attacked Filolial Ranch, did they…?”
“I want to make sure they receive their just punishment! If need be, I’ll postpone my trip to Cal Mira Island and track the culprit to the very ends of hell—I’ll make them suffer so much they’d rather be dead!”
I’ll propose what’s on my mind to my Father. That’s truly an excellent idea. I’ll definitely track down the culprit and make them suffer like hell.
“To be honest, I have a really bad feeling about this… So, Yuki-chan, was there anything left behind—like the culprit’s scent or something we could use to track them down?”
I’ll ask Yuki-chan, who was accompanied by her Father. Yuki-chan quietly shook her head in response to Father’s question.
“We searched the surrounding area and looked for any traces left by the suspects, but not only had quite some time passed, there were no footprints or other clues to go on. That’s why I asked Lord Motoyasu to return.”
That’s right. After finishing her shopping with the monster merchant, Yuki-chan asked him to return temporarily, saying it would be difficult to track them down.
“Are there any people in Siltvelt who are good at tracking? Could we get some help from them?”
Father made this proposal to the Shusaku representative from Siltvelt who had accompanied them.
“Regarding the disturbances in the vicinity of Melromarc… As an allied nation, Siltvelt will certainly offer our cooperation. However, since the Filolials accompanying the Heroes are believed to possess a keener sense of smell and more acute senses than we do, I’m not sure if we can truly meet your expectations…”
“It’s fine. Doing nothing is more dangerous. In fact, I’d like to ask you to investigate whether similar incidents are occurring in Melromarc and Siltvelt… no, in all the nations.”
“Understood.”
My father is deep in thought in this situation. Eventually, he looks over at me.
“Motoyasu, don’t go wandering around aimlessly, okay? Otherwise, you might end up unable to get to the scene when it really counts.”
“The Spear Hero sounds like he’d mess that up… ‘I can’t just sit still!’ or something like that.”
“Larsa… shhh!”
Ugh… I can’t deny it. If Father and Yuki-chan hadn’t stopped me, I probably would’ve done exactly what Panda said.
“Anyway, I’ve got this endless bad feeling, so we have to find Ren as soon as possible. Of course, we’ll also work on strengthening our forces. This is the only thing we can do.”
“Got it!”
Either way, I’ll never forgive whoever pulled off that stunt at Filolial Ranch and then killed Filolial-sama like that. So, with Father’s orders in mind, we decided to leave the investigation to the kingdom and head for Cal Mira Island ourselves.
---
The boat trip to Cal Mira Island went smoothly, to say the least. Running into a storm along the way is just part of the adventure.
“Here we are again—Cal Mira Island!”
You know… whenever I come to the Cal Mira Islands, I’m overcome with the urge to raise Filolial-sama as soon as possible. I’d say it’s definitely become a habit. This time, we purchased a fair number of Filolial eggs from the monster merchant. Father has put a slight brake on increasing the number any further. Apparently, even in the idol business, if you have too many, fans tend to get distracted. It’s my Father’s sincere wish that each and every Filolial-sama be cherished.
“There’s a bit of an ominous feeling hanging in the air, but times like this are exactly when we shouldn’t forget to have fun… I mean, Cal Mira Island really does feel like a tropical island, doesn’t it?”
Of course, I’ve already explained to my Father everything that’s happened on Cal Mira Island during our previous visits. I’ve also taught him some etiquette beforehand, so there’s no need to ask the local guide about that. That information has already been relayed to the Cal Mira Island side via the Queen.
Well, even so, a guide did show up. Father does need some help getting to the hotel, after all. Along the way, he checked out a stone monument on Cal Mira Island and read through the description of the aura. I think Father will be able to give us further enhancements fairly soon.
“Well then, as originally planned, I’ll head to the port to see if I can find Ren. Since there’s a chance he’s hiding and stowing away, I’ll go with people who can spot that.”
Ren is hopeless, isn’t he? To cause my Father so much trouble…
“Motoyasu, you’ll be training the Filolials… What about you, Lars-chan and the others?”
“Me? Since I’m off guard duty, I might as well take this chance to hunt some monsters and help those guys level up.”
Since we’re in the middle of an activation phase this time, I’ve brought along some of Panda’s subordinates as well. They level up really fast until Lv. 80, so if we improve their stats, it won’t be a waste.
“I get to go hunting with Big Sis for the first time in ages!”
“My shoulders were all stiff from working at the castle, so this is a great chance.”
“The fact that she’d choose us over the Shield Hero in a place like this—even though she’s become so graceful and beautiful, she’s still our Big Sis through and through.”
Panda’s subordinates are showing some real enthusiasm, too.
“Don’t be ridiculous… Seriously.”
“That’s right. Panda’s top priority has to be your Father! It’s your job to keep an eye on him so no Rival can get in the way.”
I’m really curious about this “off-duty” time. After all, it’s precisely when you’re not working that you have the chance to deepen your bond with your Father.
“Isn’t being on duty 24 hours a day a sign of loyalty to your Father?　Nighttime security is especially important, you know.”
“Well, I’m not sure I’d go that far… but let’s just ignore the nighttime part.”
“Hmm… I’m here, and Lord Elmero is here too. If we don’t take turns guarding him, we might not be able to fight if an emergency arises. We do need at least some break time.”
Even Éclair is saying that? Well… since my role is to raise Filolial-sama rather than guard my Father, I can’t say any more than that.
“I suppose there’s no helping it. Panda, you mustn’t get too carried away with your subordinates. Don’t forget your duty.”
“I’m really curious what the Spear Hero thinks of me.”
Panda is furrowing her brow a bit, but it’s the truth. This place is like a tropical island—even I can figure out that it’s Panda’s job to help my Father blow off steam when he gets aroused.
“Ahaha…”
“Elmero, what are you going to do now?”
Kou calls out to the elephant in the garden.
“Um… I’ll be guarding the Shield Hero. Other than that, I don’t really have any plans.”
“Then let’s go hunting with Kou and the others!”
“Ah, sure. It’ll be fun if we all go together, right?”
“Yay! I can’t wait!”
The elephant and Kou are good friends, aren’t they?
“Zzz…”
Sakura-chan has laid down on the bed and is already snoring the moment she arrived. That’s just like her laid-back self.
“Everyone, relax and recharge as you see fit. Even though we know the deadline thanks to Motoyasu-kun’s intel, the battle is still ongoing.”
My father summed it up like that.
“Of course! Well then, let’s get going!”
Chapter 915 - Filolial Fever [2019/01/22 10:00]
So, that’s how our leveling run on Cal Mira Island began. While we’re at it, we’ll also have to research the motorboard form of Drive Mode so we can fight underwater. Nah, I get the feeling it’ll be easy enough if we make good use of things like the Windmill.
Ah… it sounds like fun to ride across The Great Deep like a motorboat with Filo-tan on my back. Or maybe the “surface-skimming” style—where you put your left foot forward before your right foot sinks—would be better…? I’ve heard that Filo-tan used to ask her Father to do that for her.
I could do that too if I put my mind to it, but it’s a bit of a hassle in many ways. Or perhaps the deep-diving style that Big Sister’s older sister used to do… developing a “submarine mode” sounds like a good idea too. The method is the same, after all. There’s so much to do on Cal Mira Island—it’s really fun!
So, we threw ourselves into life on Cal Mira Island. Ah, and of course, peeping in the hot springs is a must. Even though Éclair and Father say it’s off-limits, the staff here are used to peeping, so I can easily fulfill Yuki-chan’s requests.
After all, once peace returned, my Father used these hot springs as his public bath, so I know everything about the layout inside and out. Years later, on my Father’s orders, the moles carried out major expansions and renovations that made peeping harder, but at this stage, it’s a breeze.
With the sunset behind us, Yuki-chan and I will play tag on the beach.
“Ahahaha… Motoyasu-sama—over here!”
Yuki-chan looks like she’s having a blast. Ufufu… Ahahahaha… that’s the spirit!
“Wait up!”
My Father, who’s been searching for Ren at the harbor day after day and is quite exhausted, is watching this scene.
“That sort of thing… I don’t know how to put it, but it’s just so Motoyasu-kun, I guess… It’s a bit too cliché, or maybe it’s just that he finds joy in everything…”
“Hey, Naofumi, I want to try that too. Would it be fun to do it with Sakura-chan?”
“It looks like it would be fun just as a simple game of tag. Though, in Motoyasu-kun’s case, it’s a little different, you know…”
“Judging by the way he’s playing around with Lord Yuki like that, I think Lord Kitamura is quite the hero himself…”
Éclair is also muttering something to herself as she stands with Father, the evening sun warming their cheeks. It’s fun, so isn’t that enough?
“He’s acting just like a hero from a cliché shoujo manga, isn’t he?”
“Personally, I’m more concerned about the dust swirling up behind them… Just how hard are they stomping the ground?”
Yuki-chan is fast, after all. To keep up with her, you’d have to really put some power into your legs.
“It’s not like they’re doing running drills on the sand… is it?”
“No way. I’d rather not come all the way to a southern island just for training. We do that regularly before coming here, don’t we? It’s way more entertaining to watch Elmero go to the beach.”
“Well, Elmero… he’s pretty heavy, so it’s probably hard for him to move.”
“It’s not that I don’t want to… If I use Magic to harden the ground, there’s no problem running on it. Besides, I just went swimming with Kou a little while ago.”
“Elmero can swim with just his nose sticking out of the water—Kou, I’m so jealous!”
“Well… I’m just glad everyone’s having fun in their own way.”
It seems my Father and the others are enjoying their days on Cal Mira Island just like that. By the way, when my Father went out hunting, he managed to snag a penguin costume right away. He’s got some luck, doesn’t he? I often get rabbit costumes, but the other ones don’t come up very often.
We had a great time on Cal Mira Island—playing tag with Yuki-chan and hanging out with the other Filolial-samas. Along the way, we ran into Panda out hunting with his subordinates. You can tell right away because of the bamboo grove.
“Hey, you lot! I hope your skills haven’t gotten rusty!”
“‘Yes, ma’am!’”
“Let’s go!”
The panda led the charge and attacked the monsters. Then she threw a bottle of sake; before it hit the monsters, her subordinates used the momentum from the bamboo to leap at them and launch a flurry of attacks. After pulling back, the panda hurled fire at them, setting the monsters ablaze.
“All done! You guys’ moves have really improved—I’ll give you credit for that.”
“Big Sis! We’re so grateful!”
Whoa, that was quite a flashy attack.
“Wow! So cool!”
The Filolial-sama I’m raising is completely captivated by the scene.
“How barbaric… It may be efficient, but it’s certainly not elegant.”
It seems Yuki-chan isn’t a fan. Well, you know. It might just be Panda’s trump card.
“So, Big Sis, what if we incorporate Bon the Shield into this combo?”
When her subordinate made that suggestion, the Panda furrowed her brows deeply.
“Why do we have to include that guy in this combo?”
“I just thought if I showed it to him, he’d want to join in!”
“…Ah, yeah. He’d probably get all excited with his eyes sparkling.”
It’s my father’s innocence that keeps him from forgetting the heart of a dreamy young boy. My father from the first world wouldn’t give me that kind of look! Well, actually, I get the feeling he’d just watch with a look of disinterest. Like… staring off into space.
“Since the Spear Hero is right there, I imagine he’ll be reported.”
When the panda’s subordinate points at us, the panda makes a face like, “Oh no!”
“Hey, Spear Hero. What’s up? You’re staring right at us.”
“Aren’t you going to practice your moves with Father?”
I think Father actually quite enjoys this kind of teamwork. After all, he always worked in perfect sync with my Big Sister. Usually, my Father would pin down the opponent’s movements, and my Big Sister would attack while they were off-balance. I imagine the Panda’s combo attack works much the same way.
“Where exactly does a Shield Hero who can’t attack fit into this combo?”
“If you take on the role of restraining the enemy’s movements, the success rate will go up, won’t it?”
“If that happens, you might end up getting caught in the final burst of flames.”
“Father would walk right out of the flames without batting an eye.”
“Spear Hero, do you really idolize that guy?”
The Panda is giving me a suspicious look.
“Of course. I’m sure Father would emerge unscathed.”
I’m sure that even if I unleashed Liberation Firestorm X with all my might, he’d walk right out of the flames with a completely unfazed expression.
“That’s what I call trust.”
“No matter how much it can take, though… I’m not sure that’s the best idea, is it?”
“Well then, it’s the skill that summons a shield cage the moment the fire ignites. If you trap the flames inside that, you can contain them just right.”
“That’s pretty brutal… Well, I guess that might actually be the better option.”
That’s pretty much how it went.
As for the rest, well… We’ll be searching for and destroying the monsters that appear on the ever-familiar Cal Mira Island to level up Filolial-sama as much as possible. Of course, it’s a given that my Father will scold me for hunting too much. It’s a fun vacation, isn’t it?
To help the adventurers blow off some steam, Filolial-sama held live shows day and night on the central island as part of her idol activities. Led by Yuki-chan, these local live performances drew not only the adventurers but also fans, making the island even more lively.
“Thank you all so much! I’d be thrilled if you came back tomorrow!”
“‘Wow!’”
Yuki-chan’s fans waved glow sticks in time with the music, making the live show on Cal Mira Island shine even brighter.
“…Lord Iwatani, I hope it’s just my imagination, but I get the feeling the buildings on the island we’re using as our base are gradually being expanded and turning into some kind of strange complex…”
“Yeah… you’re right. Not only are opportunistic businesses running rampant… but it’s starting to feel less like the rough-and-tumble vibe of adventurers and more like a town filled with otaku.”
“There’s no doubt it’s different from Zeltoble, too… How could it change this much in just a few days?”
My father-in-law and the others mutter this while watching the apparently very popular concert by Filolial-sama. Incidentally, the venue is fully visible from the hotel window, offering a superb view.
“Yes. According to the information I’ve gathered, it’s known as ‘the island where you can meet beautiful girls,’ and… word of mouth is bringing in more and more people, while fewer are leaving.”
Zou adds. This is further proof that the place is buzzing with energy.
“It’s so popular right now that there are entry restrictions, yet they’re still managing to pull this off… even though the other islands are much less crowded compared to this one.”
Panda replies, sounding a bit exasperated.
“I don’t think everyone here is a Filolial fan… but hearing Motoyasu-kun’s goal of beating Gaelion-chan, it might not be such a far-fetched idea after all.”
“I’d like to think it’s just a temporary phenomenon drawn on by the island’s atmosphere.”
“Or maybe it’ll even spread from here. Won’t people start calling it ‘Filolial Island’ instead of ‘Cal Mira Island’?”
“That sounds scary enough to be plausible… I wouldn’t even be able to relax in the hot springs… I mean, it’s the kind of situation where fans would all line up at the partition of the men’s bath at once.”
By the way, it seems that whenever Yuki-chan and the others try to take a bath, some fans go wild and try to sneak a peek. Just peeking is one thing, but if they openly barge in, they’ll face severe punishment. And if they do peek, the punishment is all part of the package. The aesthetic of the peeping tom! The entire process—right up to receiving punishment—is an essential part of the ritual.
“Lord Iwatani, could you please warn Lord Kitamura and see if we can drive those people out? We can’t relax when it’s become acceptable for people to casually peek into the women’s baths.”
“If they’d just listen to reason, it wouldn’t be such a hassle. Motoyasu-kun has his moments when he’ll listen—and moments when he won’t…”
“…That’s true… My apologies.”
“Well… Technically, they’ll be arrested and exiled from the island, but even so, the number of visitors keeps rising and rising… Where did the restrictions go?”
“The nobles in charge of managing this island have their eyes on the money, haven’t they? I wonder just how much they’re raking in.”
“I feel like I heard the count’s laughter near the Throne Room inside the hotel.”
“…In Zeltoble, we call unscrupulous merchants who desecrate life ‘Merchants of Death.’ I’m starting to get that vibe from that noble.”
“To have come this far in just a few days… The Hero’s influence is truly terrifying.”
“I’d like to say it’s thanks to Filolial, who brought so many people here.”
That’s the kind of vibe the island has right now—it’s Filolial Fever! And so, our days on Cal Mira Island passed by.
Eventually, at the count’s suggestion, the Filolial-sama were introduced to inns on each island and used them as bases to hold live performances across the region. This helped disperse the fans, and people scattered to their respective islands.
Incidentally, thanks to the countless Filolial-sama, the number of monsters on the island decreased significantly, resolving the problem of overcrowding in the hunting grounds that had been causing trouble. My Father and I had the job of processing the mountain of monsters they brought back.
And so, we spent our time on the island until the revitalization of Cal Mira Island was complete. When we were about to leave the island, the nobles spoke earnestly, desperately trying to keep us there. They even went so far as to say they wanted a certain number of the Filolial-sama to remain as part of the island’s industry.
Nothing like this had ever happened in any of our previous runs. For the time being, we promised that Filolial-sama would take turns stationing themselves there, and that settled the matter for the moment.
“It looks like this place, not Shieldfreeden, is going to become the holy site…”
my Father muttered, but let’s just call this a pilgrimage site for the event. Heh heh heh… Our idol activities were a huge success. We’ve taken over Cal Mira Island. There’s no room for Rival here.
Those fun days on the island passed by… but as for the Refining, which was our original goal, neither my Father found any at the port, nor did I or the pandas find any at the hunting grounds.
---
“…Hmm…”
On the deck of the return ship, my Father is groaning as he stares in the direction of Cal Mira Island.
“I really thought Ren—the one Motoyasu-kun told me about—would definitely show up… Especially since it was such a great opportunity to level up…”
“Perhaps he’s already reached a stage where he doesn’t need to level up on Cal Mira Island anymore.”
It would indeed be strange for that Ren to pass up this opportunity. To begin with, even though we were told to look for him in Zeltoble, he’s nowhere to be found. Of course, we tried to make contact through various merchants and informants. But there’s absolutely no sign of him. According to reports, there was someone who looked like Ren in Zeltoble, but his whereabouts since then are unknown.
“I just… can’t shake this bad feeling. We’ve got to find Ren soon…”
Seriously! Where on earth is Ren wandering off to? It’s hopeless how he keeps causing trouble for my Father. Next time we find him, we’ll have to make sure he can’t escape.
Chapter 916 - The Flirtatious Villainess [2019/01/29 10:00]
“My lords, the heroes… I can’t help but be concerned about the Filolials swimming behind the ship…”
Éclair interrupts the conversation over something trivial. I turn my gaze toward the Filolial-samas I’ve raised.
“I wish I could have raised more of them.”
“You still want more even with this many…?”
“In some of our previous runs, I’ve raised even more than this.”
This time, aside from Father’s restrictions, I simply couldn’t secure enough of them. It’s all because that breeder’s ranch ended up in such a state. Since I only bought a few from the Monster Merchant and managed to procure a few more on my own, I’m far from satisfied. Ah… Back then, I made countless attempts searching for Filo-tan. But Filo-tan turned out to be Sakura-chan… It’s so frustrating.
“If this is all we got even with Eclair-san holding back, then… let’s just put up with it.”
“……I get it. If things had gone differently, the situation would’ve been even worse.”
“It’s so chaotic it’s exhausting. Elmelo, you must be tired from teaching both the Filolials and everyone else all sorts of things, right?”
“No…… Everyone just sang and acted out stories at the venue, so it wasn’t that bad……”
Zou really is a great Zou, isn’t he? He doesn’t seem tired at all. Thanks to the guidance of senior Filolial-samas like Yuki-chan and Kou, the Idol activities on the island were a success. And it was Zou who contributed to that. He really is a capable Zou. I’ll definitely keep that in mind.
“…I don’t know how to put it, but I’ve been so caught up in everything that I haven’t had a moment to think about Ren… I have to find him soon.”
“Searching for the missing Sword Hero, huh… Being a hero sure is a busy job, isn’t it?”
And so, even though they were supposedly on vacation, my Father and the others returned from Cal Mira Island looking quite exhausted.
Right after returning from Cal Mira Island, we ended up meeting up with our rivals in Melromarc. Apparently, our rivals had been conducting diplomatic negotiations there alongside the queens.
“Heroes of the Shield and Spear, how was your training on Cal Mira Island?”
The representative of the Shusaku clan asked us this upon our return.
“I’ve heard you spent very fruitful days on the island.”
It seems the queen is also curious about our elegant days on the island.
“I heard you were partying hard on the island. You’re still the same old Spear Hero, aren’t you?”
Our Rival says this with a look of exasperation, cradling his Assistant on his lap. “A wild party,” is what he calls it. We simply succeeded in our Idol careers with elegance and panache.
“I can’t deny it… Honestly, those were days with no time to rest…”
Éclair says this with a sigh. What’s that supposed to mean? Is she complaining? This is exactly why stubborn knights who only have training on their minds are no good. I wish they’d have a little more leeway to enjoy the situation, like pandas and elephants do.
“How rude. While you were conducting your foolish diplomacy, Filolial-sama occupied Cal Mira Island. Rival, that’s not a place where you’ll gain support, so give it up.”
“Isn’t that wrong in all sorts of ways, though?”
“I think so, too.”
The panda and the elephant are pointing something out.
“To begin with, it shouldn’t be called a wild party—it should be called a live performance.”
“Well, that’s not quite right, but… never mind. It’s too much of a hassle.”
“Ahaha… That’s just like you, Motoyasu-kun.”
My father agreed with a dry laugh. He’s the only one who really gets me.
“So… I assume you’ve already been briefed, but I couldn’t find Ren.”
“I’ve heard… Seriously, where did he go? It’s such a hassle.”
“That’s true… It seems the Spear Hero fully understands the Sword Hero’s personality. If he still can’t be found despite that, we should probably expand the search area even further.”
“Yeah, I think so too. You know… there are all sorts of troublemakers on the loose right now.”
“I know. Well, since Gaelion remembers the enemies from the looped memories to some extent, we’ve already managed to contain them pretty well. I think things will work out more or less once we deal with those guys.”
“Yeah. Thanks as always, Gaelion-chan.”
“I am… I’m so happy to be praised by Naofumi!”
My Father is smiling back at his Rival. He’s just responding out of courtesy! Don’t get the wrong idea!
“……”
The Assistant is watching this in silence. It’s been a while since then—has anything changed?
“So, Gaelion-chan, you went on a diplomatic mission while we were on Cal Mira Island, right? How did it go?”
“Yes. We also participated in the diplomatic talks and reported the warning signs of the Spirit Tortoise’s revival.”
It seems the representative of the Shusaku clan and the queen are both here to report to us.
“To put it simply, they didn’t budge an inch on our proposal… They just kept insisting, ‘If a crisis is looming, bring the Four Holy Heroes here’…”
“That villainess from their country just gave a smile that seemed slightly displeased with our proposal, haha.”
It seems the diplomatic talks didn’t go very well. Right here, Rival raises and lowers his hand as if to tell the Shusaku Clan and the Queen to hold back.
“For someone called a ‘wicked woman,’ you can tell she’s having a hard time. Her approval rating back home is high.”
“Who are you talking about?”
That’s right. It seems there’s a person here I don’t quite understand either.
“Hmm… She’s a woman who, when she tried to further corrupt an already rotten royal court—only to find it was already too corrupt to do anything—is now working hard to elevate herself just so she can be brought down by a hero.”
“Um… How is that any different from the First Princess of Melromarc?”
“It’s embarrassing that my own daughter is being compared to her.”
The queen answers Father’s question with a sigh.
“That one is a thoroughly evil woman, while this one is a good person with just a hint of wickedness. She might be similar in essence to the Queen of Melromarc, though.”
“Huh…”
Father doesn’t seem to get it either.
“So it sounds like diplomacy isn’t going to go well until we get there… or maybe, given the timeline, we won’t be able to stop the Spirit Tortoise’s revival? In that case, we should go to minimize the damage as much as possible, right?”
We’re all set. After all, that’s why we’ve been training all this time. We’re strong enough now that we could easily defeat the Spirit Tortoise. Come to think of it… the cave leading into the Spirit Tortoise’s body is pretty narrow, so I’m worried Zou might not be able to fit through.
“Ah, there’s no need to worry about that.”
At this point, our Rival states this with surprising confidence.
“I’ve been wondering why the seal keeps breaking even though the heroes haven’t done anything during our previous runs, so Gaelion went to that country to keep watch.”
“Yeah. So?”
“Well, Gaelion was keeping watch just in case, and sure enough—or rather, as expected—I figured out the cause and took care of it. So unless Naofumi and the others show up, there’s practically no chance the Spirit Tortoise will be revived.”
“Huh? Wait, why?”
“Well, I thought there was no way, but sure enough, it showed up—I was flabbergasted. This is all thanks to the knowledge I gathered in the first world—now that I’ve nipped one troublesome problem in the bud, I’m sure there won’t be any issues.”
That’s the kind of nonsense our Rival was spouting. She’s the only one who seems to understand what’s going on, while we’re just left scratching our heads. Explain it properly, will you!
“Um… so, does that mean Gaelion-chan resolved something regarding the Spirit Tortoise beforehand?”
“You can think of it that way. Spear Hero, if we end up in a loop where Gaelion isn’t there, make sure to let the Spirit Tortoise know. That way, it’ll stay asleep, and the seal won’t be broken until the scheduled time. Well… since the wave will be over by the scheduled time, the Spirit Tortoise will just keep sleeping.”
After saying that, my Rival set the date and time, and told us to just send the Brionac deep into the cave leading into the Spirit Tortoise’s body from the entrance. I have absolutely no idea what’s going on.
“Well… since Gaelion-chan is the Dragon Emperor and apparently once possessed the memories of the Dragon King, I guess we can assume it’ll be fine?”
“That’s right!”
“Is there absolutely no chance that Ren could break the seal?”
“That’s because Gaelion got there ahead of time and set up a powerful barrier around the seal. Not even the Sword Hero—still just a weakling—let alone Takt’s crew, could break it. And if anyone tries to mess with it, Gaelion will get a notification, so we’ll know.”
Rival is glaring at us with an incredibly infuriating attitude. Who’s going to praise you, I wonder? No one’s going to praise you!
“Even if the Sword Hero does show up, he’ll be like a moth flying into a flame.”
“It’d be great if Ren got caught right there, though.”
My father is really hoping the Rival’s trap works out.
“He’s more capable in so many ways than that Spear Hero from somewhere.”
Panda! What’s that supposed to mean?! Are you trying to say our Rival is better than me!?
“So, even though the diplomacy failed, I didn’t go down without a fight and managed to solve the problem.”
“Ah, thanks, Gaelion-chan. You’re a lifesaver.”
“Of course! It’s only natural!”
Guh… Rival… Now that it’s come to this, I’ll have to find Ren myself and hand him over to my Father.
“As for the rest, if we set up a strong barrier at the triggers that unlock the Four Spirits’ seals in various locations, we’ll be able to subdue any Sword Heroes who come seeking power.”
“Yeah. Can you handle that? I’d like to avoid any major casualties caused by something Ren might do.”
“Leave it to me!”
“Thank you, Gaelion-chan.”
My father approaches Rival to thank him. Rival, seizing the moment, leans forward with a look that says, “Pet me, please.” My father glances at his Assistant with a troubled expression, wondering if it’s okay to pet him, but the Assistant, looking bored, quietly closes his eyes and ignores him. Tell him no! Why on earth did you come along with the Rival in the first place? My curse fails to reach him, and my Father ends up petting the Rival’s head.
“I-I… thank you!”
The Rival, having been petted, looks delighted—anyone can see that. His tail is wagging like crazy! I’m starting to feel murderous.
“Boo…”
Sakura-chan is voicing her protest here. You need to speak up more!
“Boo! I say!”
“Boo…”
“Come on, come on, just put up with this much. Gaelion didn’t come to the island, after all. Sakura and the others have played with us plenty already… right?”
“Boo…”
Sakura’s protest is getting quieter.
“You don’t have to make concessions to your Rival!”
“I wonder if it’s really fair to say she’s less understanding than Filolial, though.”
Panda, you’re saying one too many things!
“Kou-san, you shouldn’t copy him.”
“Eh… I kind of feel like it’d be okay if we were dealing with a dragon, though?”
“This is where we need to make a concession. Otherwise, we’ll just end up causing more trouble. Yuki-san, you understand that, right?”
For some reason, Zou is lecturing Kou and Yuki-chan here.
“I’m extremely reluctant…”
Oh, it seems Yuki-chan understands my point of view!
“Motoyasu-sama, I suggest you exercise patience here. Let’s show the composure of the strong. We’ve already had success on Cal Mira Island!”
“Quite right!”
My Father must hold this success in high regard! There was no need to worry about Rival’s hocus-pocus—those events where it wasn’t even clear if they’d succeed! I suppose protesting just because I gave Rival a little pat on the back would only cause my Father trouble.
“I have various points I’d like to raise, but I’ve learned that it’s ultimately better to just go with the flow in situations like this.”
“It seems our serious lady knight has developed a sense of detachment…”
“I think that’s for the best, too.”
And so, Panda and Zou are nodding in mysterious agreement to Éclair, who is guarding my Father.
“Ahaha… Anyway, thank you, everyone. Let’s keep our guard up and do our best to find Ren.”
“Exactly! After that, we just need to gather the remaining Seven Star Heroes hiding in various places!”
And so, in this manner, we decided on our next steps with Rival and the nation’s leaders. Then… this happened after the meeting ended.
“…Gaelion.”
“What is it? Big Sis, what’s up?”
The Assistant, who had been sitting silently on Rival’s lap and watching the proceedings, spoke up while we were taking a break after the meeting ended.
“I think I’ll head home now.”
“Really? Are you done already? You could stay a little longer.”
Then the Assistant looked at Rival and shook her head.
“I’ve seen how hard you’ve been working on all sorts of things. And I get that it’s been tough for you, too.”
“You understand, then?”
Had the Assistant really been with Rival for that long? Well, I’m sure there’s no need to worry about it.
“…I realize I can’t let myself fall behind either. It’s no good just standing here watching.”
Chapter 917 - Takt Victims' Association [2019/02/05 10:00]
“Right?”
The Rival speaks up, looking as if she hasn’t quite gotten her point across to her Assistant.
“If you want, Gaelion can help Big Sis get even stronger. Or do you want to study all sorts of things?”
The Rival goes on to suggest things like arranging for her to study abroad in Siltvelt or Faubrey. Come to think of it, there are schools like that in this world, aren’t there?
“That’s not it. I’ve realized I need to try harder… using my own strength! As an older sister, I can’t let my younger sister beat me!”
“Is that so?”
The Rival looks completely confused, as if she doesn’t quite understand what the Assistant is saying. On the other hand, my father, who was watching this exchange, looks like he’s caught on to something.
“Gaelion-chan. It seems Wyndia-chan wants to do something as an older sister—it’s not about level, knowledge, or experience. I think you should just let her do as she pleases.”
“Hm? Is that so?”
“Yes. You understand perfectly well, don’t you?”
The assistant speaks to Father in a condescending tone, completely out of line with her station. It’s a bit irritating.
“I’m going home to take that step. At least see me off.”
“But… are you okay, big sis?”
“Don’t make me say it again!”
Whoa! The assistant has turned her hostility toward Rival. Heh! She’s the one everyone hates!
“Gaelion-chan. Wyndia-chan and I… we had a fight—”
“Vvvvvuuuuu… Gau!”
Just as my Father was about to say something, the assistant radiated a murderous aura and growled and barked at him. After all, the Assistant is a wild child at heart. Of course she’d growl.
“Ah… I get it. Then I’ll take you home. Naofumi, I’ll be gone for a bit.”
“Once you drop her off near her house, you can come right back here. Oh… I’ll talk to Dad for you.”
“Is that okay?”
“Yes, but you have to promise me. Once you’ve finished everything you need to do, you have to come back for sure!”
“Of course!”
It seems the Assistant has given up on Rival. It looks like the plan is to try to persuade him after he’s messed things up on his own and hit a wall. And so, right there at the end of the meeting, the Rival decided to take flight from Melromarc toward the eastern mountain range. Now, it’s just before departure. As her Father sees her off, the Assistant calls out to him.
“I’m going to be patient this time, but if anything happens to Gaelion, I won’t forgive you! You’d better take good care of him!　If you do anything to make him cry, I won’t forgive you!”
But how exactly is one supposed to make the Rival cry any more than he already has? His Father has already lost his virginity. Still, she had to be on guard to make sure her virginity wasn’t taken.
“Of course I’ll make him cry! Hahaha!”
As I replied like that, my assistant furrowed her brow in puzzlement and looked at me.
“I’ve thought that guy was weird for a while now, but I’m pretty sure he’s got something all mixed up.”
“Ah… yeah, just ignore him. He’s not a bad person, and thanks to Motoyasu-kun, Gaelion and I were able to meet in the first place.”
“It’s too mean to deny it.”
“Anyway, just like him, I won’t forgive him!”
“Yeah. I know.”
“Well then, let’s get going!”
With a flutter, Rival spread his wings and soared high into the sky. Hehe, things will be quiet for a while now.
“Come on, Sakura-chan! You’re going to get petted by your Father ten times more than the Rival did!”
“But didn’t Sakura-chan just go over to Melty-chan’s place?”
“What did you say?!”
Sakura-chan, this is exactly the kind of moment when you need to boost your friendship level with your Father. Ugh… but perhaps this free-spirited nature is exactly what makes Sakura-chan—who is also Filo-tan—so endearing.
It seems the issue regarding the Spirit Tortoise has been resolved in that sort of way. Indeed, just as my Rival said, the Spirit Tortoise’s revival—which would normally have occurred if we hadn’t intervened—didn’t happen.
And so, our days passed as we continued dealing with the Shieldfreeden issue and searching for Ren. Of course, I also went off on my own to track down whoever had done that to the Filolial producer’s ranch. However, I found no clues whatsoever.
---
Some time has passed since then. Various cases have come our way. Among them, we ended up taking on one of the bigger ones.
“So that’s the island where the remnants of Takt are likely hiding…”
“It seems so.”
We were looking out from the ship’s deck at the target island. It was one of the islands east of Shieldfreeden.
---
That was yesterday. Rival summoned us and my Father to inform us that a location where Takt’s remnants were highly likely to be hiding had been pinpointed.
“How did you manage to track them down?”
“This information also came from the Takt Victims’ Association. The person who provided this information is a victim whose very story brings tears to your eyes.”
After saying that, Rival introduced the informant to my Father. He was a man who looked quite worn out. But I could sense something sharp in his gaze—something reminiscent of my Father from the First World. That look… it’s definitely the gaze of someone trustworthy.
“To the Shield Heroes and Spear Heroes… thank you for listening to my story today, Tommy Mistira.”
“U-uh-huh.”
My father nods, seeming slightly intimidated by the man whose gaze resembles that of my father from the first world.
“Based on this information, I ask that you eradicate the remaining Takt forces. That is my sole wish, and it is what the other victims are seeking as well.”
“Um…”
My Father turns his gaze toward his Rival, as if asking a question.
“It goes without saying that we must eliminate the remaining members of Takt.”
When I nodded in agreement with the man’s statement, he nodded vigorously as if to show his trust in me and bowed his head to me.
“It’s practically thanks to you, Spear Hero, that I’m even here… Please, use your power to bring God’s wrath down upon these evil ones.”
Oh! He’s a guy who really gets it. Those Takt remnants are vermin that need to be exterminated. There’s no doubt about that!
“Um… I think we’d better hear the whole story.”
For some reason, my Father said this with a troubled look on his face. Well, given the look on his face, there must be some deeper circumstances at play.
“It might take a little while to explain all that. First of all… it is my—no, it is the wish of those who share my cause—that you prioritize bringing down God’s hammer as soon as possible.”
“I-it feels like a lot of people are involved? Besides the government’s search.”
“Yes. The victims whose lives were twisted by Takt have joined forces and are taking action in various countries.”
“Huh… Sounds like it’s turned into quite an impressive organization. So, about that—you said you tracked down the hideout of the remaining Takt members…”
“Yes.”
The informant unfolds a world map and points to a certain location. It looks like an island in the ocean.
"There’s no doubt that remnants of Takt’s forces are hiding out on this island. I hear that before he died, Takt bought the entire island and renamed it Seven Island, but locally it’s known as Demon King Island or Seven-Split Island."
“W-wow, that’s a pretty sinister story.”
“Yes… Apparently, according to ancient legends, this is where the Seven Star Heroes defeated the Demon King. But the Demon King was immortal and had the ability to resurrect, so the heroes were forced to tear him into seven pieces and bury them throughout the island to seal him away.”
That’s a terrifyingly sinister tale. It really does feel like the kind of island where such legends linger.
“An immortal monster, is it? Even if it’s a creature like that, I’ve got a way to take it on!”
“It’s pretty impressive, in a way, that you, Motoyasu-kun, can boast that you can defeat something like that.”
“Well, I think it’s just some guy pretending to be a tough, immortal Demon King. It’s only natural that a hero would target something like that for extermination. It’s because it defies the laws of nature.”
“…Come to think of it, as long as Motoyasu-kun is around, Gaelion-chan feels kind of like she’s immortal, too.”
“That’s what makes her a dragon—and Gaelion.”
“To begin with, even so-called ‘undead’ aren’t immortal down to their very souls, so we just need to rip it out and kill it. Rival, if I could just kill you, I wouldn’t be in this much trouble.”
“Hehehe, that’s right.”
It’s a monstrous dragon parasitizing my spear! How can I purify it!?
“That said, in Gaelion’s case, it’s a pseudo-immortality—her body and soul can actually be destroyed, so it’s a bit different. It’s just part of the Dragon Emperor’s nature.”
“I’d think that’d be enough, though…”
“Well, I won’t deny that I could kill her even if she were truly immortal.”
I possess the Spear 0, which can even kill gods. My Father from the First World told me so. Apparently, it’s effective against those who are immortal or ageless.
“It’s true—there’s no doubt that the Spear Hero could defeat even someone who’s immortal and ageless.”
For some reason, my Rival agrees with me. Isn’t he just grudgingly admitting it?
“I do think declaring you can defeat them is impressive in many ways, though…”
“Lord Kitamura, who can state with absolute certainty that he can slay such suspicious monsters… might indeed be a hero.”
Éclair seems convinced. She’s become quite reasonable.
“Well, it’s sort of a blessing from what Naofumi did in the first world. Gaelion can sense that too, so there’s no doubt about it.”
“Huh… Well, let’s just set aside the island’s legends for now.”
“I think that’s for the best… Look, this guy’s face is practically screaming, ‘Kill the Takt remnants as soon as possible!’”
Panda is looking at the male informant with a troubled expression. That’s right. It’s rude to keep someone who harbors a grudge waiting.
“Um… why are you so determined to wipe out the remaining Takt members?”
Father is asking the man to explain the situation. Well, I’m sure it’s within the realm of imagination.
“…It’s a long story. It’s not just me—there are many others like me as well—”
And so the man began to speak. Apparently, this man had a steady job in Shieldfreeden and lived his life earnestly, making sincerity his motto. Blessed with a beautiful wife and a growing, adorable daughter, his life was apparently going smoothly. However, misfortune struck.
Apparently, his wife fell ill, and to cure her, he needed a medicinal herb that was so difficult to obtain that even adventurers struggled to find it. To save his wife, the man desperately scraped together money and placed a request with the Adventurers’ Guild, but there was no word that they’d obtained the herb… He even went so far as to personally beg renowned adventurers for help. However, the location was a problem… Apparently, the herb grows in the nests of griffins and dragons or something like that.
Well, it’d be tough for an ordinary adventurer. We can take them down easily enough, but for the folks in this world, they’re pretty tough opponents. Back when my gear wasn’t fully upgraded, I wouldn’t have wanted to venture into such a dangerous area either.
Come to think of it, back in my gaming days, even some of my hunting grounds were way too dangerous… but for me now, even the weakest enemies are a piece of cake. When you look at it that way, the power inflation is pretty wild. Anyway, it seems that medicinal herb growing in such a dangerous place was necessary to treat my wife.
And then—call it a stroke of luck or a series of misfortunes piling up—Takt apparently heard about the situation after being lured in by my daughter’s good looks. If Takt had just gone and picked the medicinal herbs normally and cured my wife’s illness, the story wouldn’t have gotten so complicated, and the misfortune would have simply passed. But, well, this is Takt we’re talking about. It seems he came up with a solution that was nothing short of sickening—and full of twists and turns.
It was all fine up until he actually gathered the medicinal herb, but then, right in front of this man, he apparently said, “I ended up picking some weeds instead!” while blatantly flashing the herb and using it as dragon feed. The man begged Takt to spare the herbs, offering all his possessions and bowing his head, but Takt wouldn’t budge an inch. Just as the man was about to walk away, he found himself cornered. If he missed this chance, his wife might not survive.
At that moment, Takt took a single leaf of the medicinal herb and stomped it underfoot right before the man’s eyes. The man, losing all self-control, reached out toward the herb. Immediately afterward, it seems he lost consciousness.
When he next regained consciousness, he was in the kingdom’s detention center, reportedly imprisoned as punishment for flying into a rage and lunging at Takt. Although it was true that he had lunged at Tact, he claimed he had no such intention; however, the soldiers refused to accept his explanation, and a trial was held. The man was convicted of various crimes, including robbery, his property was confiscated, and he was sentenced to hard labor. Even so, he continued to worry about the safety of his wife and daughter, clinging to the faint hope that at least they were safe.
That’s when Takt came to visit him, bringing his wife and daughter, who had both recovered. The man was relieved, thinking that Takt—having sensed the situation—had saved his wife’s life, but apparently, that’s when the real hell began. Believe it or not, it’s said that his wife and daughter had abandoned him to run off with Takt; they apparently slammed a letter of severance in his face and walked away laughing.
“What did you do for me when I was suffering from illness? Takt, who risked his life to get me medicine, is a million times better than you!　“That’s why, goodbye, you pathetic man… Just the thought of having been with you makes me want to vomit.”
“Goodbye, uncool criminal dad. Cool Takt-san will take care of us, so don’t ever come near us again.”
Apparently, these were the last words from his wife and daughter. It’s said that at that point, the man realized everything. He realized that Takt had approached them with his sights set on his wife and daughter, and had framed him for a crime he didn’t commit. At the same time, the man felt a murderous rage toward his wife—who had ditched him for Takt despite his desperate efforts to provide for her—and the story goes that he was forced into hard labor.
What an absolute pig. Just like me back in the day, didn’t this man have his eyes completely clouded to have married such a woman? But I don’t think it’s a case of “you reap what you sow.”
“And so, Takt’s true nature has been exposed for all to see, and I have thus been proven innocent. But even though Takt is dead, his remnants remain! So I’ve sworn to take revenge on Takt’s remnants, which is why I found this lead and am reporting it. My wish is to make that woman and her daughter suffer the hell on earth!”
Chapter 918 - Alternative Name [2019/02/12 10:00]
“I… I see.”
My Father nodded, looking pained, in response to the man’s forceful assertion.
“I’ve verified this thoroughly, so it’s a fact. As expected, Takt has made enemies all over the place—he’s been using his power and influence to crush people, so he has a lot of enemies.”
His rivals are backing him up. It’s true that Takt’s reputation is nothing but a paper tiger—all surface and no substance.
While he did invent things and spread new products across the world, he didn’t give the slightest thought to merchants struggling because their existing products weren’t selling, so the merchants’ guild apparently viewed him as a threat. Of course, if anyone tried to sabotage him, he’d crush them completely, make a spectacle of them, and then confiscate their assets. He does grant some benefits to workers, but he forces them into backbreaking labor while creating the illusion that their lives have improved. And then there’s the “corporate slave” drink.
This mindset is the exact opposite of Father’s approach to business and governance. After all, my Father’s approach was to make a profit without burdening existing resources. He adjusted his profit margins to prevent prices from falling too low, making it difficult to create enemies. As for the bio-plants, I’ve heard he provided them to farmers free of charge, but designed them to wither if they weren’t properly cared for and the soil wasn’t managed correctly.
In Takt’s case, the theory seemed to be to use his inventions to devour existing resources so thoroughly that not a single blade of grass or tree could grow. However, there was no follow-up support for the barren land left behind. It’s no wonder he has so many enemies.
It seems this man was also a hindrance to Takt in that line of business, and Takt found a pretext to pick a fight with him. Since the nuisance was conveniently in a bind, Takt probably took the opportunity to provoke him. According to the man, while he was struggling to find a cure for his wife’s illness, his daughter from his previous marriage was apparently won over. Since she’s his ex-wife’s daughter, she was a pretty little piglet—apparently right up Takt’s alley—so it seems both mother and daughter ended up joining Takt’s harem.
What an outrageous story about pigs.
I wonder if Takt possesses some kind of pheromone that attracts pigs like this? ……Come to think of it, maybe I had pheromones like that too, before I awakened to true love. Otherwise, there’s no way so many pigs would have swarmed around me like that.
“I’m lucky just to be alive. Many of those who might have become my comrades were killed by Takt and the traitors.”
I suppose so. In the previous loop, a merchant from Zeltoble was assassinated. That’s the kind of mischief Takt and his pig-like lot are causing all over the world.
“That’s a terrible story. What a bunch of despicable pigs.”
It’s standard practice for pigs to switch partners the moment a more convenient man comes along. Pigs are extremely skilled at camouflage, so the men aren’t at fault. That’s just the nature of pigs. Proof of this is that whenever something doesn’t go their way, they immediately get sulky and grumble “oink oink,” yet they have absolutely no intention of actually doing anything about it.
To top it off, they scheme to manipulate men. If there’s something you want them to do, just say it clearly!
Honesty is a virtue! That’s why I’m honest! My Father is honest, too!
Oh? It feels like my Father from the first world is taking a step back, as if to say, “No… that’s just you,” but… he really is humble, isn’t he! See what I mean?
“Ah… well, how should I put it? It’s a pretty awful story, isn’t it…”
“Mm-hmm. It might sound strange coming from me, a woman, but I agree—it is an awful story.”
“What about the possibility of brainwashing by the Takt faction? I heard they were doing that sort of thing, too?”
Zou asks.
“Of course, Gaelion also noted that it’s a possibility, but if the fox from the Takt faction has been taken out, I think it’s unlikely. That creature is a monster that induces hallucinations, but even without it, they’re still mingling with the ones lying low, so I think those are their true feelings.”
“It’s hopeless, isn’t it…”
“I’d like to think the problem lay with that mother’s upbringing.”
Éclair says this while resting her hand on her head. That’s too naive. A pig is born a pig, you know.
“They’re just pigs, after all.”
“Yes, just as the Spear Hero says, let’s make those pigs pay. The means don’t matter. That is the greatest joy for me… no, for us.”
“Ugh… her eyes are dead… I understand her feelings all too well, but… women are scary… to be able to switch partners so easily…”
“That’s right. Pigs are ugly.”
I’ll need my Father to deeply understand this point. Just as I was thinking that, Éclair said to my Father:
“Mr. Iwatani, please understand that not all women in the world are like that…”
“I bet it was more like, ‘Rather than supporting my boring criminal husband, maybe I should switch to that exciting, rich, whip-wielding hero who pays attention to me!’ Doesn’t that sound like a good deal?”
Panda is reading the pig’s mind. I’m sure he’s spot on. The fact that he calls steady, reliable people “boring” and describes selfish jerks as “exciting” is proof that he truly understands the Pig. As expected of a mercenary—he’s got quite the analytical skills.
“Rasa…”
“I’ll pass on that, though. I don’t like that sort of thing. Money’s only worth anything if you earn it yourself. Elmelo, you feel the same way, don’t you?”
While the panda is chatting with the elephant like this, Father looks troubled. Well, there was a similar flashy mammoth at the elephant’s old family home, after all. The elephant should understand perfectly well.
“It’s okay!”
“Gaelion-chan?”
“Gaelion has sworn to love Naofumi even after the world ends. Dragons are persistent, so he won’t be switching partners. And those who love Naofumi won’t change either.”
“Ah… yeah. Thanks.”
A Rival is trying to score points here, so I’ll cut them off.
“The Takt remnants have no right to live anyway. If we can find them, we’ll grant that wish.”
After all, it’s a foregone conclusion that the Takt remnants are headed straight to the Pig King of Faubrey. We need to send them to the meat processing plant as soon as possible.
“Yes! Please take care of it!”
And so, we ended up heading out to wipe out the Takt remnants.
“That’s right! The island’s likely to become a battlefield, so you’d better not come. But I’ll make sure Gaelion’s satisfied, so just wait and see.”
As he said that, Rival flashed the video crystal at the man. As if he’d understood, the man bowed his head and stepped back.
“I’ll leave it to you.”
And so, we set out for our destination, leading our team with us.
---
“How should I put it… you can see the building even from a distance. There seem to be spots with strong currents along the way here, but I’m surprised we didn’t miss it.”
We turned our gaze from the ship toward the island. There appeared to be a spot that looked like a harbor where we could dock, and beyond it stood what looked like a mansion.
“It seems to be a place that Takt secretly built and turned into a resort, hiding it from all relevant parties.”
“Huh… I wonder why he kept it a secret?”
“Well, it’s Takt, after all.”
Maybe he was thinking in some strange way we just couldn’t understand. After all, Takt is a reincarnated being. Their goal is to corrupt and bring this world to ruin.
“I get the feeling that doesn’t really answer the question… but well, on the surface, he was billed as a genius the world takes pride in, so maybe he just wanted to spread his wings without worrying about what others thought.”
“It seems he liked to keep all sorts of things under wraps.”
So Takt is that fake genius with a shiny veneer. But no matter how dazzling that veneer may be, it’s already starting to peel away in tatters.
“By the way, there’s a rumor that besides that conspicuous mansion, there’s another one hidden deep within the island.”
“Really? It kind of feels like… the sort of place where a ‘closed circle’ mystery might unfold. Especially since it’s an island with some ominous legends attached to it. What do you call it? It’d make a great movie title—something like *The Seven-Split Island Murder Case*.”
“Is that so?”
“It’s the kind of plot twist you’d expect on an island owned by the wealthy.”
“Motoyasu-kun, you seem like the type who’d run into something like that, don’t you?”
My Father asks, sounding a bit amused.
“I have, in fact, found myself caught up in the turmoil of a wealthy family’s troublesome power struggle.”
During what was supposed to be a relaxing summer vacation, I got dragged into a messy family feud involving the Pig family. Looking back now, that was a real hassle. And when it all came down to it, it turned out to be a bit of a letdown—the “Pig” family members actually cared about each other but just weren’t on the same page. In the end, we all laughed it off.
“Still, it was only on the level of the commotion when I transferred to a rural school, so it didn’t leave much of an impression.”
Back then, I thought I was starting fresh, so I made a big fuss and threw myself into solving the case with those pigs, but I feel like I ended up acting in a rather casual, matter-of-fact way.
“Speaking of islands, I once went to a large island that felt more like a resort town.”
Although it was a distance from the main island of Japan, I did transfer to a place that was sort of like a city. It was advertised as a place where you could have mysterious experiences thanks to the island’s unique science and technology.
“It wasn’t quite on Ren’s level, but their own cutting-edge technology was the main attraction. I’m not an expert, so I didn’t understand a thing—it was just a tourist spot, after all. Besides, I wasn’t enrolled there for very long.”
Honestly, looking back, my student life involved moving around way too much. It’s a wonder my grades didn’t drop with all that.
“Hmm… Maybe Motoyasu-kun’s world was actually pretty sci-fi too. They probably just call superpowers and Magic by different names.”
“Was there something like that? Though, I do picture that pig—I just can’t remember where I met him. What kind of guy was he again? I can’t remember him just by his face.”
No matter how hard I try, I just can’t remember. Well, it’s probably no big deal. It’s just that pig, after all. He’s not worth remembering.
“Secretly existing supernatural abilities or Magic—maybe their memories were erased when they left that place… The scary thing about Motoyasu-kun is that you can’t rule it out.”
“HAHAHA! My world isn’t the world of Itsuki, you know? That’s not the case at all.”
“Well, the plot where supernatural abilities and Magic exist in a hidden world is a classic trope in subculture. Since there’s no way to prove it, worrying about it is a losing battle.”
I feel like my fathers—who couldn’t protect me from a false accusation—would point out that I should care at least a little, but I should look ahead rather than dwell on that!
“It’s a little frustrating that I can’t understand what Naofumi and the others are saying. I want to do my best so I can understand Gaelion’s stories too.”
“Boo.”
By the way, Sakura-chan is, of course, right here with us, keeping an eye out to make sure our Rival doesn’t pull any stunts, so she’s protesting. Keep it up, Sakura-chan.
“From what I’ve picked up here and there, are they covering up a murder? Isn’t that something Takt used to do all the time?”
“Well, it’s similar in a way, but I guess it’s different. Anyway, I think this is going to be the decisive battle against Takt’s remnants, so everyone, let’s stay on our toes!”
“Right!”
“Of course!”
At Father’s words, everyone on board—including me, Sakura-chan, the Éclairs, and the rest—nods in agreement.
“I’m itching to get into action… I was getting sick and tired of constantly being on guard, wondering when they’d show up. I’d like to put an end to this right here.”
“It’s only natural to make those who killed the Hero, covered it up, and even started a war for their own selfish revenge pay the price. I’ll pay the price for Melromarc’s involvement on the Queen’s behalf!”
“I really want to bring peace to the world as soon as possible.”
Panda, Éclair, and Zou are showing their determination, too.
“We’ll be the ones to slaughter those evil ones who treat the world like a toy!”
“‘Woo!’”
Led by Yuki-chan’s voice, the Filolial-sama I brought along are joining in too. We’re already fully prepared. We’re about to go on a pig hunt for the remnants of Takt!
“Father, as a preemptive strike, should I launch an attack—like a ‘Liberation Firestorm’—that’ll completely reshape the island?　Or maybe the Liberation Meltblast, which is still in development? Hell, even blowing the island to smithereens would be fine.”
“Spear Hero, in your own words, that’s a no-go because you can’t capture the pigs.”
“I didn’t ask for your opinion!”
“Um, Motoyasu-kun, as Gaelion-chan said, one of our goals is to capture the remaining Takt members, so please don’t blow the island to smithereens. You know… we’ll need to make them spill the beans on where they’re hiding the money they stole.”
“Got it. So we’ll capture them alive, one by one, and deal with them.”
“U-uh, yeah…”
And so, we landed on our target island—Seven Island, as Takt had renamed it—and charged toward the mansion. We’re cutting through the lavish garden. There’s some kind of monument carved from stone that looks like a memorial. I thought it might be something like what was on Cal Mira Island, but it seems different.
“What is this?”
“Looks like it’s written with the island’s fairy tale.”
“Oh, the one about splitting the Demon King into seven pieces and burying them?”
“That’s right. It looks like they’ve recorded each one in great detail. It even has some gruesome details written there, like ‘Tear off his right hand,’ and such.”
It says the Demon King first demanded a human sacrifice. And it seems the first hero pierced the Demon King’s belly.
“Is this just Takt’s sense of humor or something? Or was it here all along?”
“I don’t think we need to worry about it.”
“You’re right. Let’s hurry on.”
So, we pressed on, but there wasn’t a trace of those pigs. I don’t know if they’re lurking in the mansion or hiding somewhere on the island, but it’s time to storm in!
“Here we go!”
“‘‘‘Whoa!’’’”
The Filolial-sama followed right behind me, and we’ve successfully taken over the harbor and the area around the gardens!
“It’s impressive to see so many of us here, but…”
“Security isn’t just thin—it’s practically nonexistent… I’ve got a bad feeling about this.”
My fathers said this with a hint of caution.
“No matter what happens, I’ll show you I can handle it!”
And with that, we arrived at the mansion’s front entrance with plenty of time to spare.
“Now, let’s smash our way in and make a grand entrance!”
“Hold on a sec. Spear Hero.”
That’s when Panda stops me right in front of the entrance.
Chapter 919 - Drill Mode [2019/02/19 10:00]
“What’s up?”
“Well, my gut and my nose are telling me something’s up. Could you let me take a look at that door?”
I turn my gaze toward Father. He gives me a nod, as if to say, “Leave it to me.” Panda checks the front door.
“Just as I thought… there’s a trap set here. A very elaborate one, at that.”
Panda points to various spots, like the doorknob and other places. There seem to be quite a few of them. But Panda goes about disarming them one by one, clicking them open as she goes.
“Lasa’s really handy with that sort of thing.”
“Elmelo, you know a thing or two about this, don’t you? Give her a hand.”
“Yeah, yeah.”
It looks like Zou is doing something to match Panda’s movements. He’s tapping his feet lightly.
“No sign of anyone in the room beyond the entrance… though, there’s something there… probably near the stairs… That’s odd, isn’t it?”
Ah, she’s checking the room ahead using vibrations. My Father from the first world found disarming these kinds of traps a hassle, so he just broke through using his formidable Defense Power. I get the feeling that Zou can do some of the same things as Big Sister’s older sister. After all, I’ve heard that Big Sister’s older sister can sense what’s on the other side of a wall.
“Ah… looks like something’s connected by a wire on the other side of the door… It knows how to detect Magical Power vibrations, so even a stronger vibration will trigger a reaction. But… here goes.”
With a snip, Panda deftly pulled the wire out through the crack in the door.
“This is as far as we can get from the door. Let’s hurry up and open it so we can disarm the trap inside.”
“Leave it to me!”
Since Panda cleared the way, I’ll go first to open the door and head inside. In the entrance hall were a square lump of clay and some kind of device. On top of that, countless turret-like structures were set up, aimed right at us.
“What the—!?”
Both Panda and Zou stared around the room with stunned expressions. Is this really something to be that surprised about?
“Oh no! Air Strike Shield X! Second Shield X! And Shield Prison!”
On the spot, my Father raised his shields to protect us from the turrets and trapped the clay-like contraption inside a shield cage. Well then, I’ll fire this to break through Father’s precautionary defenses.
“Aiming Lancer X!”
In sync with Father’s voice, I’ll use the Aiming Lancer to blast right through everything aimed at the turret. I reduced the turret to dust with my lance.
By the way, since Panda was holding down the wire that triggered it, the trap itself didn’t go off. Panda really comes in handy in situations like this. But if my Father had been standing in front of it, I’m sure he could’ve neutralized it.
“It really feels like they’re out to kill us… But the fact that they set this up so meticulously means our movements were completely exposed.”
“Yeah… Maybe we should’ve come with a smaller group?”
“Hmm… Gaelion’s reading says it’s suspicious. More importantly, Naofumi, what are we going to do about that trap we locked ourselves in earlier?”
“Can you handle it, Lars-chan?”
“I can, but honestly, wouldn’t it be faster just to trigger it? It’s not actually connected to anything else, anyway.”
“Got it. Lars-chan, please.”
“Sure thing.”
With a sharp tug, Panda pulls the wire on the remaining trap, setting it off. A loud “Boom!” echoes from the shield prison that Father created.
“If the sound and shockwaves from the Shield Prison I just created are leaking this far out… that must be a pretty massive bomb.”
“Looks like it really was a bomb after all. Based on my instincts… I think it’s powerful enough to blow this whole mansion to smithereens.”
“Should we retreat?”
“I think that’s jumping the gun, but even if they’re hiding somewhere, it’s probably a place they consider safe. It’s unlikely they’re inside the mansion. Let’s check a few rooms just in case.”
And so, we decided to search the mansion.
---
The interior of the mansion was quite spacious, with all sorts of amenities and guest rooms—it practically seemed tailor-made for a vacation.
“It’s gotten to the point where it wouldn’t be the least bit surprising if it were marketed as a tourist destination.”
Éclair muttered this after surveying the residential area of the island.
“That’s true… It’s not quite on the scale of Cal Mira Island, but there’s really no other way to describe it than as an island set up by someone incredibly wealthy… And the fact that there’s no one else here besides us just adds to the eerie atmosphere.”
It seems there are countless facilities, from the kitchen on up. Hmm… Burning it to the ground would be one option, but once this matter is resolved, it might not be a bad idea to commandeer it as a retreat for Filolial-sama and his entourage. In fact, it wouldn’t be half bad to reward our informant’s organization by letting them use the very hideout where the remnants of the Takt faction were hiding—a truly lavish reward.
Perhaps we could make it the final stop on the Filolial Luxury Cruise Concert Tour? …My imagination is running wild.
“Oh? I think I smell a trace of Filolial-sama.”
I detected a lingering scent reminiscent of Filolial-sama coming from near the ranch behind us. However, there was no sign of him at the ranch itself. I ran all over that ranch area with Filolial-sama and the others, tracking Takt’s traces and Filolial-sama’s scent. But… the trail veered toward the sea partway through and simply vanished.
“I guess the next step is to search the forest that stretches behind the mansion?”
“Hey!”
Just then, Panda came over to call us.
“Lars-chan, what’s up? Did you find something?”
“It wasn’t me—it was Elmelo who found it—but I’d like you to come take a look.”
“Okay.”
So, with Panda leading the way, we were guided to a chapel-like building on the island. Inside the chapel is a pig statue that strongly resembles the Crimson Swine itself. I guess I’ll go smash it later. In front of the chapel, Zou is pacing back and forth for some reason.
“Elmelo, is something wrong?”
“Well, I wouldn’t exactly say ‘wrong’…”
The elephant was stamping its feet over and over.
“From the feel of the ground, I can tell there’s some kind of mechanism around here… and I can sense what seems to be a passageway leading further ahead.”
“Some kind of mechanism, huh… Hmm.”
“Let’s go for it—”
Since Rival seems ready to suggest something, I’ll cut him off.
“Straight from my Father in the First World! (It’s Naofumi’s favorite.) We’re going to power through it! (Ignoring the mechanism and just powering through!)”
Everyone’s gaze turns to my Father at Rival’s and my words.
“Well, I actually like that. Solving mysterious traps is such a hassle, even in dungeons.”
“Wait, I’m not sure if it’s right to say ‘I like it’… but yeah, I get that it’s a hassle. It’s not like we’re here to play a puzzle-solving game, after all. So, what should we do?”
“Please let me handle this! I’ve even broken through the traps on the Spirit Tortoise’s body!”
“I’d hate it if there were any weird traps or something… Elmelo, do you know what’s up?”
“Yes… I think we’ll probably be fine.”
“I figure even I could use Magic to force my way through this kind of trap, but it’d probably be easier to let the Spear Hero handle it first.”
So, I’m going to blast my way through the passage in front of the chapel where this contraption is supposed to be.
“I’m copying Filo-tan’s special move! Spiral Drill! Drill Mode in Drive Mode! Here we go!”
Spinning my spear forward at high speed, as if turning a wheel, I dig straight through the ground. With a grinding sound, I plowed through the mechanism and cleared a path to the passageway.
“I’ve cleared a path!”
“……”
For some reason, my Father and the others are just standing there in silence, watching me emerge from the hole.
“So you don’t just say ‘Brionac!’ and blast your way through, do you…”
“Oh, I thought so too.”
“Me too.”
My Father is nodding at the pandas’ words.
“Somehow, it just felt natural to let Motoyasu-kun do it… but this ‘Drill Mode’ thing—”
“If that’s what you wish, I’ll dig as far as you want.”
This is the specialty of the moles who were with my Father in the first world. Those guys are even kind to Filolial-sama… Aside from that incident in the previous loop when Kou made a fuss about wanting to eat them, they’re actually good guys.
“No, it’s nothing… I’m just glad Motoyasu-kun is digging just the right amount.”
“We’re truly grateful!”
Ha ha ha! Rival, I can control my strength too, you know! Do you get it now?
“Actually, since I can use earth magic, I could’ve just manipulated the ground to open it up myself.”
Zou looks a bit apologetic, but there’s no need to worry.
“You shouldn’t let it bother you.”
“What did you say?! What on earth is wrong with me?!”
“Exactly! What’s wrong with Motoyasu-sama’s method… at all?!”
“Yuki-chan, I really don’t think you need to hold back on this one, okay?”
My father seems to be trying to reason with Yuki-chan—could there be something going on?
“That’s not true at all. It’s a smart method—stopping just in time without digging too deep into the ground. I think it’s actually faster than Magic.”
“I’ll admit that fine-tuning it is tough… and if there’s hard bedrock, the difficulty goes up too.”
“So there are all sorts of ways to solve traps besides just puzzle-solving or picking locks… Maybe even those ‘teleportation failures’ in that game—if you used earth magic to create a space, you could prevent instant death…”
My father is muttering things like that to himself.
“Speaking of which, Sakura-chan…”
Although she’s silent, Sakura-chan is here too, protecting my Father from his Rival.
“Hmm?”
“Do you happen to know a technique called ‘Spiral Strike’?”
Filo-tan is Sakura-chan. In other words, it wouldn’t be surprising if Sakura-chan could use a similar technique as well. Well, among the Filolial-sama, it’s a move that quite a few of them can use… But the best user of all is Filo-tan!
“Isn’t it ‘High-Speed Strike’ instead?”
Ah, that’s right. Sakura-chan uses a move where she accelerates instantly, passes right by her opponent, and slashes them with her wings. Come to think of it, that might have been one of the reasons I thought Sakura-chan and Filo-tan were different.
“That’s right.”
“Hmm?”
The way she tilts her head does indeed remind me of Filo-tan, but since it’s a pose many Filolial-sama often strike, I can’t really find a common thread there.
“I think I can probably do it—”
“I bet you can!”
Since Filolial-sama doesn’t possess any Attributes other than Wind, this must be a technique she can use. There are countless variations of Filolial-sama’s techniques, such as when she generates wind blades with her kicks.
“So Filolial can do Drill Mode too… I’ll tell Rat-san about it later.”
“Don’t you think the vet in Faubrey might actually be more interested in the Spear Hero?”
“I can’t deny that. Anyway, let’s flush out the remaining Takt forces! Lars-chan. Elmelo. Please be very careful of traps.”
“Got it. This is way more rewarding than working at a castle or doing security duty. Let’s keep an eye out for scents and such as we search.”
“Demi-Humans and Beastmen are far better suited for this sort of thing than humans… Maybe I should learn a thing or two myself…”
And so, in this manner, we made our way through the secret passages of Takt’s mansion. Along the way… we passed countless places, including what looked like a research facility and mysterious empty rooms. It was a far cry from the resort we’d been at earlier. I’m sure Takt and his crew were up to no good here.
“I wonder if they were conducting some kind of research?”
“It’s Takt, after all. I’m sure he was conducting some kind of research, wasn’t he?”
“He was considered a genius, after all… Maybe some kind of illegal research? There were plenty of things that looked like cultivation capsules, too.”
“Even though he was already working on Shieldfreeden, was he doing it here as well?”
“There are signs that it was still active until very recently…”
“So maybe it’s unrelated to Takt?”
Just then, Panda sniffs toward the empty room.
“It smells…”
“Does it smell like something?”
Zou tilts his head at Panda’s words. Of course, Filolial-sama does too. But Filolial-sama, just like Zou, tilts his head as well. I’m doing the same. Does it really smell like that?
Sniff, sniff! I sort of sense the scent of hunting thieves.
“Does it smell weird? I don’t think so.”
“Well, it’s not a direct scent, is it? This is what they call the scent of valuables. It’s the scent of something valuable that was here until just recently.”
What kind of smell is that?! Wait, so the smell of hunting bandits is the “smell of something valuable”? I think I sort of get it now.
“Ah… you’re right. Someone like Rasa could probably distinguish that kind of scent.”
“I see. So this is the scent of gold. I thought it was the scent of bandits.”
“Spear Hero, it’s probably different from the scent you sensed.”
Hmm… That’s tricky.
“Still, there was an incredibly strong scent of gold… I’m really impressed that they could carry this much around.”
“So does that mean this is where the money the remaining Takt members had been hiding was gathered?”
“I’d say so.”
The panda scratches the ground a little with its claws. A tiny bit of something that looks like gold dust clings to the tips of its claws.
“They must’ve been carrying enough valuables to make it stick.”
“Hmm…”
“I can’t wait to see the real thing. Let’s get a move on.”
There was also a gunpowder magazine. A time bomb had been planted there, and it was about to explode, but thanks to the quick thinking of Panda and Father, they managed to defuse it. Father is dumbfounded, saying it was “pure murderous intent.”
Chapter 920 - A Distorted Filolial [2019/02/26 10:00]
After all that, we arrived at another mansion—disguised as a forest, or rather a small hill—located at the end of a labyrinthine passageway. However, while this place also had countless traps, it was empty.
For some reason, the exit was behind the throne—but is there any significance to having a throne in a place like that? So, when we proceeded through the unexplored sections of the underground passageway… we emerged into an underground harbor. A gap in the quay served as the exit, and seawater was flowing in.
“Just as I expected—they got away.”
“So they did sense us after all…”
“They don’t seem to have gotten very far yet, so if we expand our search to the surrounding waters, I think we’ll track them down. I’d bet there are some folks out there who want to watch us blow up.”
“That’s in poor taste.”
My father turns his gaze from the harbor out to sea.
“They probably built a submarine or something…”
That’s entirely possible.
“Then let’s have Gaelion dive down and give chase!”
Our Rival transformed into a Water-type dragon and dove into the sea.
“…For now, maybe we should leave the investigation to them and head back to our base ship?”
“Hmm… There’s still a chance they’re hiding in the forest. There might be another secret passage somewhere.”
Just as we were returning to the ship we’d docked at, a member of the communications team who had been inside the ship came rushing out. He looked rather flustered.
“Hero! It’s an emergency!”
“What’s wrong? Did something happen?”
“We’ve just received an emergency transmission reporting that countless mysterious monsters are currently rampaging near the capitals of countries all over the world!”
“What!? Give me the details!”
“The information is still conflicting… Please hurry back, Hero!”
“Got it! Gaelion-chan! Hurry over here!”
Father summoned his Rival via the Monster Seal. The Rival leapt out of the ocean and landed on the ship.
“What’s going on?”
“I heard there have been attacks on capitals around the world!”
“Hmm… we’ve been had. It’s highly likely that information was fed to us on purpose… it’s safe to say the Remnant Eradication Society was used.”
The Rival seems to be feeling a certain sympathy.
“Let’s go, Motoyasu-kun!”
“Understood!”
And so, we ended up turning around and heading back.
---
Upon returning to Siltvelt, the monstrous threat itself appeared right before our eyes.
“Gueeeeeee!”
“Gueeeeeeeee!”
That monster was… It was… Filolial-sama!? Countless Filolial-samas were rampaging freely throughout the capital of Siltvelt, damaging buildings and people, wreaking utter havoc.
“Filolial-sama!?”
“No, something’s different from a normal Filolial-sama! But they’re also different from Sakura-chan and the others!”
“Oh, is that Plum-chan!? It’s Kii-kun!”
Yes, I could tell at a glance that this was Filolial-sama I’d taken care of during previous runs. However, its appearance was so ravaged it was painful to look at—it was in such a tattered state that “tattered” was the only way to describe it. It’s a grotesque form, different from both ordinary Filolials and the King or Queen.
Feathers spill unnaturally from her legs, yet her upper body remains slender… her feathers are patchy in places, and her beak has lost its luster. One of her eyes is unnaturally large… I can’t bear to look at her!?
“Stop rampaging!”
Filolial-sama, who is guarding the castle, is charging at Plum-chan and the others, who are running amok, in an attempt to subdue them. However, Filolial-sama cannot bear to see sadness. It seems unable to fight with a clear conscience and is struggling.
“Stop it, I say!”
It’s absolutely unacceptable for two Filolial-sama to fight each other! Just as I instinctively started to run toward them, Yuki-chan stepped in front of me to hold me back.
“Motoyasu-sama! You mustn’t go!”
“Yuki-chan, please don’t get in my way! Filolial-sama is being made to run amok in a truly pitiful manner right before Plum-chan and the others’ eyes! We must stop this immediately!”
“No! Lord Motoyasu, please tell me first how you plan to stop them. You’re going to subdue her with paralysis, confusion, or whatever it takes, aren’t you?”
“I can’t do that!”
Yuki-chan’s grip on me grows even tighter.
“Then it’s out of the question! I can’t let you go, Lord Motoyasu!”
“Yuki-chan! Please let go of me!　Aaaahhh…!?”
Right before my eyes, Plum-chan is being casually grabbed by the neck by Filolial-sama and swung around violently! Are you seriously telling me to just stand by and watch this hellish scene!?
“Lord Motoyasu, please leave this to me, Yuki!”
“Yuki-chan, do you have a plan?”
“I don’t have a concrete plan. But I simply cannot let Lord Motoyasu go there!”
As I lost all self-control and tried to rush into the fight between Filolial-sama and the others, Yuki-chan desperately stopped me and said,
“Naofumi-sama, please take on the role of keeping Motoyasu-sama here. Yuki’s strength alone isn’t enough…”
“Yeah, you’re right. I got it.”
Just as I was about to shake off Yuki-chan’s hold and dash off, my Father grabbed my hand and pulled me back. My father is a Hero just like me, and since he’s already been sufficiently enhanced, even I can’t easily shake off his grip.
“Motoyasu, let’s leave this to Yuki and the others.”
“B-but!”
“If you go out there, you’ll only get in the way. You need to hold back for now. Trust Yuki-chan.”
“Ugh… uuuuuuugh…”
There’s no way I can shake off Father’s grip right now. But does that mean I have no choice but to just stand by and let Yuki-chan and the others handle this on their own?!
“Naofumi-sama, thank you so much for stopping Motoyasu-sama. Well then, here we go! Kou, Sakura! The rest of you, follow me!”
“Nooo!”
“I don’t want to!”
Sakura-chan and Kou are both clearly uncomfortable with this tense atmosphere. And rightfully so. After all, it’s absolutely unacceptable for Filolial-sama to fight among themselves!
“Protesting here won’t make the problem go away! Even if they’re our own kind, anyone who stands in our way must be eliminated… no, precisely because they’re our own kind, we must stop them! Just look at the others. We are Filolial-sama, representing the Heroes. As representatives, we must not run away!”
Yuki-chan jumps into the fray, stepping between the rampaging Filolial-samas and glaring at them.
“Gueeeeeeeeeeeah!”
The distorted Filolial-sama, undeterred, raises his leg toward Yuki-chan, attempting to kick her away.
“Don’t move!”
But Yuki-chan fixed the distorted Filolial-sama with a piercing gaze and, holding her hand out in front of her, commanded,
“I will not tolerate any further acts of violence! As a candidate for Queen of Filolial, I hereby arrest you all!”
“Gueeeee… G…”
Stared down by Yuki-chan’s piercing gaze, the Distorted Filolial-sama’s leg—which had been poised to kick—froze in place, and she took a few steps back as if overwhelmed. She seems to be trying to pounce again and again, but for some reason, the Distorted Filolial-sama just keeps letting out threatening growls, as if she’s unable to actually attack.
“Ah… So that legend really did exist! Thank you so much!”
The villager from Siltvelt, who had been protected by Filolial-sama, clasped his hands together in prayer toward Yuki-chan as a sign of gratitude. What on earth is this guy talking about?
“What do you mean…?”
Yuki-chan furrowed her brow slightly and tilted her head in confusion.
“…I see. That’s Filolial for you.”
Her rival crossed her arms and spoke as if she’d come to a realization.
“Did you figure something out, Gaelion?”
“Yuki, Sakura, and Kou—you guys should already understand the answer. Or do I really need to spell it out for you?”
The Rival says this to Yuki-chan and the others in a provocative tone. To say something like that during such an emergency—she really doesn’t know how to read the room!
“Hmm?”
Sakura-chan tilts her head slightly, looking confused, while Kou nods, glancing at me and Zou.
“Pickup line?”
“Why ‘pickup line’? I mean, I think you figured something out, but could you explain it a little more clearly?”
Yuki holds up one hand toward Filolial-sama, who’s about to pounce.
“Don’t move. Stay right where you are.”
“Guh…!? G… Gg!”
That’s right—the distorted Filolial-sama, ordered by Yuki-chan, seemed unable to move even if she wanted to and simply sat down right there.
Oh? What on earth is going on here?
“I see… so this is another of her privileges, isn’t it? Now then, Sakura, Kou! I’m going to give a loud command to the rampaging Filolials. That way, this pointless brawl will end right away.”
“Got it!”
“Got it!”
Sakura-chan and Kou nodded and, just as Yuki-chan had ordered, began issuing commands to the distorted Filolial-samas. As a result, the distorted Filolial-samas were helplessly restrained, their movements suppressed. Of course, there are some who try to ignore the command and lunge forward, but their movements visibly slow down, allowing the other Filolial-samas to safely subdue them.
It’s… a miracle! A true miracle! The battle has ended without a single drop of a Filolial-sama’s blood being spilled!
“Ah… so that’s how it is.”
“Father, have you figured something out?”
I ask my father.
“Yuki-chan and the others are different from the other Filolials—they’ve been granted wings by Ms. Fitoria as the next successors. So, in a sense, they’re superior individuals… I think it means that Filolials are likely programmed in such a way that they instinctively find it hard to defy orders from higher beings.”
“Earlier, Kou-san mentioned ‘picking up girls,’ didn’t he? I heard he learned that when he went out with the Spear Hero before…”
Zou’s words reminded me of the time I went out with Kou. It’s true—Kou was more of a playboy than I was and managed to take out plenty of Filolial-sama ladies.
“What…? So that’s why Kou was able to pick up more Filolial-sama ladies than I could? No, it’s because Kou has more of a playboy’s flair than I do.”
“So for you, Motoyasu, what’s important isn’t his ability to give orders, but proving that Kou is a playboy?”
My father is looking rather exasperated for some reason. Even if you say that, Kou is a boy, after all—it’s a necessary part of being one!
“Naofumi, you’re the Spear Hero.”
“Mm-hmm, that’s right. Iwatan-san, it’d be easier to just give up on trying to make Kitamura-san see things my way.”
“Well, that’s true, I guess. He’s just a bit slow on the uptake—I really wish he’d catch on and understand right here.”
“I have no intention of denying Kou’s charm.”
“Motoyasu-kun’s good qualities are getting in the way of his flashes of insight… Well, that’s fine, I guess. Basically, I think it just means that commands work more effectively on those strange Filolial-samas.”
At this point, Yuki-chan nods while stopping the movements of the distorted Filolial-samas.
“Yes, I sensed it. If my intuition is correct, I believe the effect on those who have rightfully become Queen or King is quite low.”
I see. If Yuki-chan says so, it must be true! The Filolial-sama are a race brimming with individuality, but they’re also a race that excels at group living. That means there are rules unique to the Filolial-sama.
“Either way, Yuki-chan, Sakura-chan, and Kou! Let’s subdue these rampaging Filolials as quickly as possible!”
“Understood.”
“Got it!”
“I’ll do my best to stop them!”
“Motoyasu-kun can’t fight, so stay put! Lars-chan and the others, fall back too!”
My father raises his shield and steps forward to protect me from Filolial-sama, who is charging toward us.
“Gueeeeeee!”
“Gueeeeeeeee!”
My father is blocking every attack that comes at him, undeterred by their relentless onslaught. Sakura-chan immediately rushes over and gives the order.
“Don’t move—you have to stay still!”
“Guu—”
“Eeeee—”
Thanks to Sakura-chan’s command, we managed to forcibly restrain the distorted Filolial-sama.
“Seriously, there’s just no helping you guys.”
The Rival transforms into a massive dragon and takes flight, soaring off in a direction opposite from where Yuki-chan and the others are holding him down… and begins spewing what looks like gas all over Siltvelt.
“If we hurt him carelessly, the Spear Hero is likely to make a fuss—what are we going to do?”
“We’ll just have to turn a blind eye to minor injuries. Lord Rasa and Lord Elmelo surely understand that well enough. We just need to make sure it can’t continue fighting.”
“Capturing monsters is such a common request, after all.”
“True… If we use Magic, subduing it shouldn’t be that difficult.”
Éclair and the others split up to help subdue Filolial-sama.
“Come on, Motoyasu-kun.”
“Ugh…”
It’s so frustrating that I can’t do anything. Oh, Filolial-sama, you mustn’t thrash about like that! While screaming that in my heart, all I could do was watch as events unfolded.
Chapter 921 - Inhibition function [2019/03/05 10:00]
From that point on, we were able to bring the situation under control quickly. After all, Siltvelt is a country with many people from tribes known for their combat prowess. There are countless skilled fighters there.
However, it seems to be a fact that even those skilled fighters were being pushed back quite a bit. Once we’d managed to quell the unrest in the town below the castle, everyone—with exhaustion clearly visible on their faces—set about assessing the situation.
Incidentally, the damage to the castle itself was minor. Apparently, not only were the Filolial-sama I had originally deployed participating in the defense, but the situation was also handled by those who had undergone the “Four Representative Classes” or “Class Up” upgrades.
To assess the damage, I’ll head inside the castle with my Father and the others to inquire about the situation.
Given the circumstances, representatives from Siltvelt have also gathered here. Since many of the generals view battle as their greatest honor, I’m told the suppression of the distorted Filolial-sama is progressing. The problem is… they say casualties among the Filolial-sama running amok in battles against anyone other than the elite fighters like Yuki-chan and Éclair are unavoidable.
Ugh… It’s like sitting on a bed of nails. How did things come to this…? I’m so restless I could burst, but Father is holding me back, so I can’t move.
“It’s only because this was our base that the damage was so minor…”
“However, the Filolials are a gentle race. I find it hard to believe that wild Filolials would have gone berserk.”
At that point, the representative of the Shusaku Beastman race—who had transformed into a Beastman form for combat—and the elder of the Genmu race spoke up. It seems even the four representative species, which I don’t recall specifically training, were able to hold their own to some extent.
“To be honest, these Filolials likely have a level of at least 100, at the very least. They’re moving with that much agility and launching powerful attacks.”
“It seems the captured Filolials also have monster marks engraved on their bodies. If anyone other than the Heroes’ Filolials attempts to restrain them for investigation, they self-destruct, killing themselves and the Filolials along with them to destroy the evidence…”
“What?! What did you say?!”
So does that mean if anyone other than Yuki-chan and the others captures Filolial-sama to examine it, it will die!? Then I have to stop this even more than before… No, if I stop it, what will happen to Filolial-sama!? Ugh… My head feels like it’s about to start smoking.
“Motoyasu, pull yourself together!　Um, please try as much as possible to keep anything too upsetting out of Motoyasu-kun’s ears.”
“O-okay.”
“However… while the damage to the castle and the town is gradually subsiding, given that similar disturbances are occurring all over the world… we’ve decided it would be best to ask the Heroes for their advice on what to do.”
The old man of the Genmu clan is asking us. …I’d been trying not to think about it, but apparently, Filolial-sama is running amok all over the world. W-why has it come to this…?
“Anyway, we’ve managed to capture it and are investigating it, right? What’s going on?”
“Well… it seems that when we had someone in Siltvelt who’s knowledgeable about Filolials examine it, they determined it’s a strange Filolial that has developed differently from both the ones raised by the Heroes and ordinary Filolials… As for its owner, we know they exist, but the analysis itself isn’t complete yet.”
“Hey, Naofumi,”
Sakura-chan asks her Father with a worried look on her face.
“What is it?”
“Are Mel-chan and the others okay? I’m worried, Sakura…”
“This is happening all over the world. Is everything okay in Melromarc?”
“The global information network is quite chaotic… no, communications have been severely disrupted, so I can’t say for certain, but probably…”
“Ugh… I think we should hurry over there to check…”
The Filolial-sama are running amok all over the world. What on earth should we do…?
“It’s crystal clear to anyone that there’s definitely a mastermind behind this.”
My Rival, who had just returned, said.
“There’s no doubt that someone with malicious intent toward the Filolial-sama is involved.”
My Rival looked at me and continued. Someone with malicious intent, you say?
“Even from Gaelion’s perspective, those Filolials are distorted… far too strange. They wouldn’t end up like that unless they’d undergone some kind of biological modification.”
“Come to think of it, I heard there was a report that one of Rat-san’s rivals had infiltrated the remnants of Takt and went missing…”
“Ah, that’s right. I think it’s highly likely. If they figured out a way to break through the limits and perform a Class Up using the stolen Dragon Emperor’s Shard, and then performed some strange biological modifications on the Filolials, it’s entirely possible…”
“Come to think of it, didn’t you say that when Motoyasu-kun went on a buying trip, the Filolial Ranch was attacked and left in ruins? Plus, there were reports of Filolials being in short supply all over the world, so maybe…”
“I see… So they just brushed it off as being caused by the Filolial-sama’s popularity as Idols.”
…Are you telling me all these things are connected right here? In other words, the remnants of the Takt faction started gathering Filolial eggs from all over the world and pulling stunts like this just to harass me?
What kind of people are they?! Their personalities are twisted beyond belief!
“But why target the Filolials…”
“Honestly, even I think this crosses a line that Gaelion shouldn’t cross… Even if it’s just harassment against the Spear Hero, once it goes too far, there’s nothing we can do about it.”
“No doubt about it… Even in Zeltoble, where there are plenty of Guilds of Darkness and Merchants of Death, people would think that’s a line they shouldn’t cross.”
“I don’t think this will end here… I think they’re trying to eliminate us by any means necessary…”
Ugh… Those Takt remnants! They’re the kind of people who come up with nothing but underhanded tricks!
“Their goal is undoubtedly to discredit the Filolials, target the Spear Hero… and ultimately spread the idea that Naofumi and the others are to blame.”
“I suppose so… Mysterious Filolials are causing massive damage all over the world, even in small towns and villages. It seems the Filolials raised by the Shield Heroes and Spear Heroes develop differently from ordinary Filolials. The story goes that these mysterious Filolials are the very ones the Heroes used to seize control of the world—and that they’ve now turned against them by becoming Demon Lords.”
Ugh… That’s exactly the kind of ploy those conspiracy theorists would come up with. I suppose Father’s deduction is spot on.
“If we were to defeat Naofumi and the Spear Hero here through some sort of strategy, and then all the Filolials across the world were to stop moving in a chain reaction and die… what do you think people would think?”
"That sounds about right. As a result, the Filolials became a people despised as servants of the Demon King, were driven out, and went extinct… That matches what Motoyasu-kun told me."
Hearing my Father talk about his Rival makes a seething rage well up from the very depths of my gut.
“How should I put it… this act of staging a grand presentation just to disparage the other party… it reminds me of that so-called ‘King of Inventors.’ You could say it’s a tactic truly befitting the remnants of Takt.”
Such barbaric acts! This is absolutely unforgivable!
“I will absolutely not forgive them! Those vermin, those pigs! I’ll torture them to death, bit by bit!”
I’ll torture them to death bit by bit… and while offering them up to the Pig King, I’ll put on a live dismemberment show! Their death throes as they’re burned in the fires of hell will be a tribute to Filolial-sama, who has passed away!
“Motoyasu, hold him back! He’s trying to go somewhere—where is he trying to go?!”
Just as I couldn’t stand it anymore and was about to bolt, my Father stopped me. Ugh… where am I supposed to vent this frustration?!
“Well, knowing those guys, I’d guess they’re hatching some plan to take down Naofumi or the Spear Hero. It’d be great if we could just ambush them as they stroll out, but things are looking pretty tough right now.”
“What a bunch of reckless fools… It’s practically like they’re walking up to the guillotine themselves.”
“Yes… even if they’ll stop at nothing, I think this move is definitely a bad one.”
Even the pandas are condemning the atrocities committed by the remnants of Takt. That’s right! Filolial-sama are angels! It’s absolutely unforgivable to humiliate those angels by reducing them to such a pitiful state.
“Naofumi… Sakura, Mel-chan, I’m worried…”
“Yeah, you’re right. Either way, first we have to resolve the issue with the Filolials who are causing trouble all over the world.”
Just then, a messenger ran up to us.
“Heroes! It’s an emergency! Someone posing as the Wise King of Wisdom has seized the capital of Shieldfreeden and the parliament building where the leadership is located, and is calling out the Shield Heroes and Spear Heroes by name to the entire world!”
“In a situation like this!?”
“The timing is spot-on…”
Is that Trash showing his face here of all places? But of all places, for a Trash who hates Demi-Humans to be in Shieldfreeden… It’s strange that he’s occupying a place like that.
I see… So does that mean that Trash came up with this plan? I’d forgiven him because he’d served under my Father in the first world, but it seems he was my enemy all along.
“Either way, there’s a chance the Wise King of Wisdom might be there. In that case… I think we should go with the plan Motoyasu and Gaelion prepared… but where are those kids right now?”
“After making sure to level up the older brother properly and training him thoroughly, I entrusted both siblings to the Queen in Melromarc. The Queen is doing everything she can to protect them, just in case the King returns at any time.”
“So, either way, should we go to Melromarc to report?”
“Since word has spread that the Wise King of Wisdom is in Melromarc, it’s the perfect time to talk to them. We should leave as soon as possible.”
“Yeah. But there’s something we need to take care of before we leave, right? Motoyasu, let’s send the Filolials we’ve raised to countries all over the world. If the righteous Filolials are running around trying to protect everyone, we have to do our part too—no, wait… Yuki-chan and the others are already in various countries…”
“There’s no need to worry about that.”
Yuki-chan answers, shaking her hair as she speaks.
“Regarding the problem of Filolials running amok in various places, I hear Filolial-sama, the current Filolial Queen, has ordered all Filolials worldwide to quell the disturbances.”
“Can she really do that?”
“It wouldn’t be surprising if she could. That Queen may be a carefree fool, but when it comes to Filolials, she has a strong sense of responsibility.”
Rival starts making fun of the great Filolial-sama here.
“She has explicitly stated that, as a last resort, she’ll carry out the suppression while keeping the simultaneous shutdown of all Filolials worldwide in mind. It’s all about timing, isn’t it?”
“…It’s in the legends. The reason Filolials are said to be sacred beings is that when the world is overrun with Filolials who have turned to evil… the Filolials become incapacitated…”
At this point, the representative of the Shusaku clan explains the situation together with the elder of the Genmu clan.
“Wait, is there really a story like that?”
“In the history of the past… it is said that every single Filolial raised as a subordinate of the Demon King was subdued by the power of the Divine Bird… Considering how the Filolials raised by the Heroes had their movements sealed, I suppose that makes sense.”
“What! That is truly proof that the Filolial-sama are angels!”
That’s precisely why Filolial-sama cannot be misused! They are truly righteous beings! That is what Filolial-sama are!
“Even if evil beings try to manipulate Filolial-sama at will to conquer the world, it simply won’t go their way! Long live the angels!　Long live Filolial-sama!”
I feel like my anger has subsided just a little.
“So, once this matter is resolved, we’ll capture Filolial-sama, free them from the shackles of evil modifications—which were imposed under the Demon King’s protection—and then, this time for sure, raise them as our allies!　Since they’re all over the world! We’ll be able to build a kingdom for Filolial-sama!”
We’ll be able to secure Filolial-samas on a scale that surpasses even the first world! Filolial-samas all over the world! Please stay safe! We’ll definitely solve this problem!
“I wonder how we’ll handle food costs… I wonder if we can manage it with the bio-plant…”
“To say they can’t conquer the world as minions of evil… well, I find that hard to believe… Don’t they look like they could conquer the world when you see them?”
“Lasa, shh! If you value your life, you’d better keep quiet.”
“Hmm… We must consult the Queen of the Filolials before that countless number of them grows even larger.”
The pandas are saying something, but I’m going to make this ambition a reality!
“A-anyway! To keep the Wise King in check, let’s stop by Melromarc. We can’t say for sure that there isn’t a commotion going on there!”
“Exactly! Even though we’re Rival for Filo-tan’s affections, if anything happened to my Finacée, I wouldn’t be able to show my face to Filo-tan.”
“Since we’re allied nations, why don’t we send some troops to lend a hand?”
“That’s right. Let’s ask the warriors of Siltvelt for their help, too. Lars-chan, bring your men along as well.”
“Got it.”
And so, before heading to Shieldfreeden, we used a portal to travel to Melromarc.
Chapter 922 - Strategy [2019/03/12 10:00]
When I teleported to Melromarc Castle via the portal...
"Gueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah!"
A Filolial-sama, identical to the one I saw in Siltvelt, was currently rampaging through Melromarc Castle and the castle town. Smoke is rising not only from the castle but also from the town below. Of course, the Filolial-sama we raised—who were dispatched to the Melromarc area—are working alongside the soldiers to quell the chaos, but it seems they’re struggling due to a lack of manpower.
“Gua-gua-guaa!”
It seems that Filolial-sama—subordinates of the giant Filolial—are gathering and surging toward the town below the castle, and a fierce battle is currently raging!
“Ugh… so the Filolial-sama are running amok over here too!”
“This is pretty serious. What should we do?”
“Kou, Elmelo, Yuki, and everyone from Siltvelt—please handle the suppression in the town below the castle! Sakura, Motoyasu, and I are heading toward the castle! Lars-chan and Eclair, come with us too.”
“Understood! Kou! I’ll take Lord Elmelo and head out to help with the suppression!”
“Got it! Elmelo! Let’s do this!”
“Yes!”
Kou slipped under the elephant’s legs, transformed into his Filolial form, and, together with Yuki-chan, led the people of Siltvelt as they dashed toward the town below the castle.
“Your Majesty!”
As for us, Éclair took the lead and we ran toward Melromarc Castle.
“Let’s go!”
Soldiers lay sprawled on the ground inside the castle—perhaps because Filolial-sama had forced her way in.
“Wow, they’re really wreaking some serious havoc here…”
“But this situation is a little strange.”
Rival furrows his brow as he looks at the soldiers.
“Gaelion, is something wrong?”
“According to Gaelion’s analysis, I thought that Trash… the Wise King of Wisdom was in command of this operation.”
“Yeah.”
“Would that Wise King of Wisdom really send Filolial and his lot all the way to the castle where his own precious family lives?”
“…Now that you mention it, that’s true… but doesn’t he consider his wife and daughter—who betrayed him—to be family?”
“No… From what Gaelion knows from speaking with the Wise King of the First World, he’s the kind of person who would never allow harm to come to his family, no matter what. That’s true even if he were face-to-face with a queen trying to curry favor with Naofumi.”
“Well… that might be true in that world, but in this one, Motoyasu killed that princess right in front of him…”
My rival looks like he’s having a hard time accepting that.
“Gaelion only heard this secondhand, but the story goes that when the queen was killed by Takt and the princess, he did impose a punishment—but he judged that it had crossed a line he couldn’t condone, so he brought them to justice… He’s not the type to actively put anyone in danger.”
“So, does that mean this operation is being carried out without the Wise King’s knowledge?”
“I don’t know about that. Either way, our priority is to subdue the Filolial-samas rampaging inside the castle.”
We hurried to the throne room. There, we found the room bearing the scars of a fierce battle. The Filolial-samas who had been serving as guards for Melromarc lay fallen on the floor.
“Ah… aaah… Filolial-sama…”
I rushed over to the fallen Filolial-sama to check his condition, but… he was already dead…
“Aaaahhhhhhh…!”
“This is… terrible…”
“Your Majesty! Where are you? Your Majestyyyyyy!”
Éclair calls out to the Queen in the throne room, which is now completely deserted. But there is no answer. I’m concerned about the safety of the Queen and her Finacée, but more than that, it’s Filolial-sama.
Ah… this child is Knight-kun. He was named “Knight”—a combination of “night” and “knight”—because his hair was a deep indigo blue, like the Darkness of the night, just like Luna-chan’s. To think that child… would end up in such a pitiful state…
“Is there no one here!?”
“Ugh…”
Just then, a soldier—protected by the battered Filolial-sama—collapsed from the shadows by the door.
“You there! Are you okay!?”
“Are you okay!?”
Father and Éclair rushed over and cast healing Magic on Filolial-sama and the soldier.
“Haa… haa… Thank you, Heroes. This child protected me, and I barely…”
“Ugh… It hurt so much… I couldn’t move, so I could only protect this person…”
“Just being able to protect him is enough!”
Oh… If even just one person was saved, that’s enough.
“What about Her Majesty the Queen!?”
“Well… A mysterious army, accompanied by that strange Filolial, stormed the castle, broke through the defenses with overwhelming force… Just when I thought they’d reached the throne room, they swept aside the guards and forcibly carried off Her Majesty the Queen, Lady Melty, and the guests entrusted to the Heroes…”
“So they got the jump on us… I see. The Wise King realized the Queen was a weakness, so he took her first.”
“Meticulous to the very end… Is this the Wise King’s scheme…?”
A dark, seething emotion is welling up from the depths of my heart! That Trash! Not content with just continuing to torment my Father, has he gone so far as to inflict such cruel treatment on Filolial-sama and the others?! I’d been cutting him some slack because he reformed in the first world, but I won’t show him any mercy now!
“Mel-chan!”
Sakura-chan is tracking the scent to find her Finacée!
“We’re constantly playing catch-up… Does this mean Motoyasu-kun and Gaelion-chan’s secret plan won’t work on Aultcray consumed by a thirst for revenge? Aultcray came, didn’t he?”
“No… the king wasn’t there. I could tell a suspicious figure in a robe was in command… but the women who seemed to be under his command were terrifyingly strong… and among them, in particular… I believe that one was a woman of the Aotatsu race. That one… possessed monstrously formidable strength and fought against the Hakuko people brought by the Heroes… and in the midst of that, the princess and the guests were taken hostage… so the Queen and the Hakuko people had no choice but to…”
“To defeat the Filolials… no, wait, since there were so many of them, they hadn’t been able to enhance themselves as much as Sakura-chan and her group… If you’re outnumbered…”
It’s true that the Filolial-sama I raised possess ample strength. I did raise them properly, but pushing their potential to the limit takes an absurd amount of time… so I can’t deny that their training was insufficient. However, I’m certain I made them strong enough to handle the remnants of the Takt faction without any trouble!
“The Aotatsu species… it must be Nelshen. He’s the leader of the Takt remnants.”
“I suppose so. According to Motoyasu-kun and Gaelion-chan, he can go beyond Beastman transformation and become an Aotatsu, so it wouldn’t be surprising if he’s been sharpening his fangs and building his strength for revenge.”
“That pigggggggggg! I’ll never forgive him!”
Just how much longer will that representative pig of Shieldfreeden drag us down in this world?! I absolutely will not forgive him anymore! I’ll capture him alive, peel off his scales one by one, and make him taste the hell of this world! The crime of killing Filolial-sama deserves a thousand deaths!
“Either way, we have to go after them… Sakura-chan, can you pick up the scent of Melty-chan? And Lars-chan, too?”
Technically, Tiger Guy is registered as a slave under the Panda’s command. So the Panda checks the slave registry.
“…No luck. Maybe someone’s jamming the signal—I can’t pinpoint their location.”
“Mel-chan…”
Sakura-chan follows the scent out of the hallway and heads toward the terrace. But just as she reaches the terrace, she turns around and shakes her head.
“The scent disappears right here…”
“Does that mean she was whisked away…?”
“If that were the case, the scent should be wafting into the sky.”
Rival sniffs the air but tilts her head in confusion.
“It feels like she vanished all of a sudden… We might be better off assuming she was taken away by the Hero’s teleportation.”
“An unusable staff from Aultcray showed up… and they took her away via teleportation? No, did they bring the missing holder of the Seven Holy Weapons from somewhere else?”
“It’s possible… Reincarnated individuals are womanizers. There’s definitely a chance they’re cooperating after being sweet-talked by a woman from the Takt remnants.”
“Guh… They’re a pain in the neck no matter what…”
If the Takt remnants have secretly made contact with the reincarnated ones who were secretly hiding the Seven Holy Weapons, then this is an extremely troublesome situation indeed!
“…I see. Now I understand why even the toughest warriors of Siltvelt are having a hard time against those strange Filolials.”
My father nodded as if he were fully convinced. It means they’ve undergone Limit Breaks and raised their levels sufficiently. Even if their enhancements were incomplete, it’s understandable that they’d still pose a threat to ordinary soldiers and knights. That’s just how immense the power hidden within Filolial-sama is.
“For now, let’s get the people of Siltvelt to help us deal with the commotion in Melromarc, and head to Shieldfreeden as soon as possible. Since they’ve already neutralized our trump card, we can’t act recklessly, but we can’t afford to suffer any further losses either.”
“Understood.”
“They really are a bunch that causes nothing but trouble, aren’t they…? Looks like we’ll have to stay on our toes. Let’s make sure we’re fully prepared for whatever might happen.”
“Yeah!”
And so, after regrouping, we teleported to Shieldfreeden.
---
The portal dropped us right into the courtyard of the building where Shieldfreeden’s leadership was located.
“Buzz-buzz-buzz!”
The moment we materialized, a barrage of gunfire and Magic attacks came flying at us.
“Shooting Star Shield!”
My father used the Shooting Star Shield—a technique he’d copied and mastered in Zeltoble—to create a barrier that absorbed all the incoming bullets and Magic. We’ll strike back immediately! For the sake of Filolial-sama and the others!
“Bryu—”
Just as I was about to unleash a Brionac, I heard a voice.
“H-Heroes! And Divine Dragon! Please wait! A reckless counterattack is dangerous!”
It seems that Shieldfreeden soldiers are stationed along the outer wall of the building, forming a formation to surround it. The soldiers, having spotted us, are saluting.
“Motoyasu, everyone! Let’s go!”
We hurry to escape beyond the building’s grounds, to a spot we believe is out of their range. Even so, bullets are still flying our way.
“What’s the situation?”
“Currently, within the castle of our nation, Shieldfreeden, former Representative Nelshen is barricaded inside with terrorists posing as the Wise King, using hostages as human shields. Dragons and griffins have gathered around the building, and we can’t even get inside…”
“We’ve confirmed they’re installing mysterious equipment on the castle roof… but this is beyond our control.”
Hostages again! These guys are truly despicable to the core!
“What’s the damage like?”
“The terrorist posing as the Wise King of Wisdom and Nelshen… the remnants of the Takt faction are firing what they call ‘warning shots’—but it’s actually large-scale Ceremonial Magic…”
As the soldier speaks, the soldiers point toward the area surrounding the castle. A mountain of rubble has formed there.
“This is terrible… If we’re not careful, this place could be dangerous too.”
My Father is beating around the bush, but from my perspective, it’s not that much.
“If any Ceremonial Magic comes our way, I’ll neutralize it.”
“Yeah. Motoyasu, please be as careful as possible… So, what about the Filolials being reported in various countries?”
“We’ve received reports that they’re rampaging throughout various parts of Shieldfreeden. The Nelshen faction continues to broadcast that the only way to deal with them is to defeat the Shield Hero and Spear Hero.”
“I suppose so… They can’t very well admit they raised and released them themselves. So, what’s their objective?”
“For some time now, they’ve been broadcasting—almost like a speech—that the Heroes are the Demon King, the very ones leading the world into chaos, and that we are the messengers of justice. They claim we’re in the midst of an operation to lure out the Demon King with the cooperation of the Wise King. They’ve been going on and on about the background…”
Just as the soldier said, the sound is coming from speakers that appear to be part of the city’s communication infrastructure.
“Bububu! Bubububu! Bububu! Bubububububuhibuhibuhihihi!”
“The world is facing a crisis so grave that even the Wise King—who despises Demi-Humans—is cooperating with us. Now is not the time for conflict within the world… The Demon King, who makes no distinction between Demi-Humans, Beastmen, and humans, curtsies to those in power to seize the world for himself. Those who pose as the Shield Hero and Spear Hero must be eradicated from this world… right? “You sure do have a way with words.”
The Father glares toward the castle with a sharp look in his eyes, as if a switch had been flipped. That expression bears a striking resemblance to the Father who once protected Sakura-chan from Takt’s dragon in another world.
“And as for that ‘Wise King of Wisdom’… he’s even going so far as to deliver a speech via a video crystal. It’s practically a public relations battle at this point.”
That Trash—I have no idea where he came from—is sitting there with a stern expression, alongside a pig, in the castle’s conference hall. He seems to be treating this as proof.
Chapter 923 - Cannot Be Destroyed [2019/03/19 10:00]
“Boo-boo-boo!”
“Rise up, people… or not. I wonder who tripped her… You’ve got some nerve saying that without knowing anything about Gaelion-chan’s struggles.”
“That’s right… I’m getting so fed up with Gaelion that I’m seriously considering just finishing her off in one go.”
“That’s like a summer insect flying into a flame! Right here, I’ll unleash the most powerful Magic I possess and wipe out the entire castle!”
Do you really think I’d give you the time to be so leisurely? Stop making a fool of me already.
“Spear Hero, for once we’re on the same page.”
Just then, I spotted Filolial-sama at Trash’s feet. He looks completely exhausted… Could this be Filolial-sama, who’s been waiting for us in Shieldfreeden!? This is… surely not… could Filolial-sama have been taken hostage too!?
“Heroes, I beg you to spare us! Not only are our nation’s leaders being held hostage, but even Filolial—whom you entrusted to us—is being held captive… They’ve warned that if we don’t summon you, they’ll kill the prisoners we captured to summon you, branding them as ‘Apostles of the Devil.’”
“They’re a bunch of cowards through and through.”
We can’t just burn the whole building down like this.
“‘Fully prepared’… as if. In other words, they have no intention of stopping this speech until we storm in… According to their logic, all the suspicious Filolials around the world won’t stop causing trouble until they’ve defeated us. They’re so well-prepared… I’m worried about what’s happening over in the Faubrey area.”
“There’s no doubt it’s a huge commotion over there, too.”
“Ugh, what a hassle… Hmm?”
The panda, who looked thoroughly fed up, seemed to have noticed something and was sniffing the air repeatedly.
“Hey… Naofumi.”
Sakura-chan seemed to feel the same way and called out to her Father.
“Lars-chan, Sakura-chan, what’s wrong?”
“Um… I can smell Mel-chan!”
“I’m picking up a signal here too… It seems she’s close by.”
Hearing Sakura-chan’s words, my Father furrowed his brow in distaste and turned his gaze toward the castle. In other words, her Finacées were over there.
“…Are the Princess of Melromarc and that boy, Fohl, inside that castle?”
“The Queen’s probably there too… Doesn’t this mean he’s gathered everyone who’s a threat to the heroes and turned it into an impregnable fortress?”
“Ugh… Those bastards…”
Their own children! To take even their Finacées hostage—I’m utterly appalled! They may be hopeless Trash, but I did at least respect the love they showed toward their family. I suppose that, in the end, was all it amounted to.
…What should I do? Admittedly, I find my Finacées utterly detestable, but they’re still Filo-tan and Sakura-chan’s best friends. If they were to get hurt, Filo-tan and Sakura-chan would be heartbroken. I can’t afford to make any mistakes. There’s no doubt I’ll kill those bastards in the most gruesome way possible, but for now, I should prioritize rescuing my Finacées.
“Doesn’t this just show that the Wise King of Wisdom has demonstrated his true capabilities?”
“King Aultcray… Have you really sunk that low…?”
Éclair said in a trembling voice, as if lamenting.
“So? What are we going to do?”
“Hmm… If we foolishly prioritize rescuing the hostages, they’ll probably outmaneuver us… But if the ‘Wise King of Wisdom’ I’ve heard about is seriously coming to crush us, he’s probably already figured us out… Does anyone have any ideas?”
“I’ll charge in head-on and slaughter every last one of those Trash and pigs!”
“Yeah. That’s typical of you, Motoyasu… but if we’re not careful, the people you care about might end up dying, so I want to be as cautious as possible.”
Ugh… Father has a point. Given everything that’s happened so far, they’ll definitely take Filolial-sama hostage. If that happens, we won’t be able to act recklessly.
“If we went so far as to slaughter everyone, hostages and all, that would play right into their hands… They want to spread the rumor that I’m a ruthless Demon King, so even if the leader dies, it could still damage the faith in the Hero…”
“We don’t need to gather in one place to respond to their summons. How about having Naofumi and the Spear Hero—the very people the enemy wants—go to their lair as representatives, while a separate task force works together to rescue the hostages in the meantime…?”
“It’s a safe bet, I suppose, but that does seem like the best plan… Well then, let’s assign roles. It seems like a safe bet to have the Hero, who’ll draw their attention, and the Dragon, the representative of Shieldfreeden, take the lead.”
“If we rescue the hostages, we can try to suppress them all at once… I wonder if that’ll work… Actually, since Motoyasu-kun is good at hiding, having him infiltrate and rescue the hostages might be a good option too…”
“Oo-oo-oo-ooh! Oo-oo-oo-ooh!”
The pig is making some kind of noise through a megaphone. I have no idea what’s going on.
“Motoyasu and I were clearly spotted earlier, after all. Since we’ve been called out by name, if Motoyasu tries to go undercover, we might just tip them off… And to top it off, they’ve even gone so far as to call Gaelion-chan.”
Ugh… It basically means I’m completely blocked from going undercover to save my Finacées. That Trash. Dealing with an enemy is this much of a hassle, isn’t it? I’ll make sure he gets his comeuppance!
“That’s true… Elmelo, can you get a clear view of the inside of the building from here?”
“That’s a bit tricky…”
“Then can you secure an escape route?”
Zou nods at Panda’s words. I wonder what they’re planning?
“Kou-san, I’d like you to join me in this operation. Is that okay?”
“Yeah. Got it.”
“It’s a bit like something the Spear Hero would do, but Lasa, if you can pull it off, you can do it anywhere—as long as you grow some bamboo, that is.”
“It’s settled, then.”
It seems there’s some plan only Panda and Zou understand.
“The knight, me, and my subordinate, Sakura, will sneak in to rescue the princesses. Meanwhile, the heroes and the Dragon will keep the terrorists and the Wise King occupied… I guess that’s the safest bet.”
“Yeah. Yuki-chan, please take care of Motoyasu-kun.”
“Understood.”
“I guess I have no choice.”
“Well then… I’ll use Magic to create a powerful cloak of invisibility for the infiltration team so they can hide. But even then, if they’re going to be discovered, they’ll be discovered, so be extremely careful.”
“Hmm… Lord Iwatani, Lord Kitamura, we’ll definitely live up to your expectations.”
So, we went back inside the tent for a moment to avoid being spotted by those pigs, and cast a powerful concealment spell on the pandas in the infiltration team. I don’t think those pigs will be able to find them now. This Magic can’t be dispelled with just any old Magic.
“Well then… let’s go in. We don’t know what’s coming, so don’t let your guard down.”
“Depending on the situation, we’ll take them out with a preemptive strike.”
The battle to take down those troublesome pigs and Trash has begun! And so, we set out to meet the leader of the remaining Takt forces and that Trash.
---
Responding to their summons, we entered the castle of Shieldfreeden. Debris was scattered here and there inside the castle. It seems there was a fierce battle here.
“Motoyasu, you know what to do, right?”
“Of course I do.”
We’ll walk as slowly as possible, maintaining a regal stride befitting a champion to buy time. After all, the infiltration team—led by Sakura-chan—is already on the move to rescue the hostages. If it weren’t for the hostages, I’d slaughter these bastards in a heartbeat.
“Oink-oink!”
The sound of a pig’s squeal comes from loudspeakers installed here and there, as if it were a castle-wide announcement.
“What a vulgar summons. Well… I suppose we should take it as a sign that they’re on their guard—since the women aren’t rushing at us recklessly…”
“It’s obvious right away they’re trying to lure us into a trap. Gaelion-chan and Yuki-chan, stay on high alert, too.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Just this once, Motoyasu-kun, will you stick to the plan?”
“I know, of course.”
Honestly, between how much of a hassle this is and my murderous intent toward the pigs and Trash, I’m dying to blow this whole building to smithereens. All I can think about is culling those pigs as soon as possible. Suppressing that murderous intent, we slowly made our way to what looked like a large assembly hall—or rather, a conference room. When we opened the door and stepped inside, the pig scum and Trash from the Takt remnants were waiting for us at the head of the table. Pigs were stationed here and there throughout the room as well. It looked like they were fully prepared. I hadn’t realized there were still so many Takt remnants left.
“You’re here, Shield! Spear!”
Trash said, glaring at us with eyes filled with murderous intent. I reflexively glared back at Trash with a look of murderous intent of my own. Since they’ve gone through with such a despicable scheme, I’ll definitely make them suffer slowly before I kill them!
“Well, well… Should I call you King Aultcray…? No, for the sake of Melromarc’s honor, perhaps I should call you the ‘Wise King of False Wisdom’?”
My father seems to have flipped a switch, responding in a provocative tone.
“We’re finding this welcome a bit too rough, if you ask us…”
“Bububu!”
Shut up, you pig! Yes, just as I glared at him with murderous intent, I was left speechless. These pigs… they look completely different from how they appeared in the footage.
Their clothing—from their vital areas outward—is swollen with countless… no, they’re wearing armor made of eggs strung together like prayer beads. What’s more, each of them carries eggs so they can produce them anywhere at will.
What on earth is that…!? They’re all Filolial-sama’s eggs!
“I’d considered that as a possibility, but I never thought they’d actually pull it off…”
“This is… far too underhanded. To exploit Lord Motoyasu’s weakness so precisely—fight fair and square!”
Rival is dumbfounded, and Yuki-chan is denouncing them.
“That’s cowardly! I can’t fight like this!”
……The Trash remained silent for about a minute, glaring with eyes filled with murderous intent, as if he meant to kill everyone. Eventually, he slowly opened his mouth.
“Hmph! How long I’ve been waiting for this day! You evil Demon Lords!”
“Demon Lords… huh. This is something else. The extremists who unleashed the Filolials across the globe and invaded Siltvelt, prioritizing their own ambitions over the world’s crisis—they really do talk a different language.”
The Trash’s cheek twitched as his Father shot back, and he shook his fists violently as if trying to suppress his rage.
But more importantly, what’s the deal with all those Filolial-sama eggs attached all over your body, starting with those pigs!? With those, even an Aiming Lancer would shatter the eggs if it hit them carelessly. It’s a defensive barrier so thick that the Three Heroes Church’s “Filolial-sama Egg Hostage Strategy” doesn’t even hold a candle to it!
Eventually, suppressing his trembling body, Trash slowly answers.
“I’m not looking for salvation or anything like that! My only desire is to avenge the late Malty’s grievance, and to ensure you lot meet a gruesome end—and to put an end to that ridiculous legend about the ‘Shield Hero and Spear Hero’ once and for all!”
“So? And to do that, you’re going to kidnap your own family… and use the Filolial eggs as a shield to wipe us all out at once?”
“I’m under no obligation to go out of my way to reveal my strategy to you lot!”
“You really think that’ll work?”
I can tell my Father, with that cold expression on his face, is breaking out in a cold sweat. To avoid giving himself away, he snaps back at that Trash.
“Bubub! Boo-boo! Bubub!”
The pig representing the remnants of the Takt faction is saying something.
“Hmph! Spear… If you value this egg so much, kill your shield right here and now, and then kill yourself. This isn’t… a warning. It’s an order!”
“What did you say!?”
“If you dare defy this order… you’ll be made an example of.”
“‘Bububu!’”
The pigs from Takt’s remnants all simultaneously pulled Filolial-sama’s eggs from their robes and pockets and aimed them at the ground—
“S-stop it, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
With a resounding *clang*, Filolial-sama’s eggs shattered all at once, and their contents scattered everywhere.
“Youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!”
It’s been since the first time Takt attacked me that such dark, seething emotions have welled up inside me like this!
“I will absolutely not forgive you!”
“Oops, do you really think these eggs will be okay after you attacked us?”
“Grrrrr…”
There are countless eggs of the Filolial-sama all around us.
“You’re far too well-prepared… I’m impressed that you’d go this far for the Spear Hero. Is this the Wise King of Wisdom…?”
“There’s not a shred of elegance to it, but there’s nothing better than this for hurting Motoyasu-sama…”
You are a thoroughly despicable creature, Wise King of Wisdom! I will definitely kill you in the most gruesome way possible! But for the sake of my loyalty, Filolial-sama… my Father… ugh…
“Hahahahahaha… How utterly pathetic! Suffer some more!”
And then that Trash just kept laughing as he watched me writhe in agony.
“Hahahahahaha”
He’s been laughing for quite a while now! Does he really hold a grudge that long over the killing of a lowly Crimson Swine like that?! That scum is a scourge on the world! Killing him would be a righteous act—I’d be committing no crime at all!
“…?”
“…Is that so?”
Seeing this, my Father and my Rival both tilted their heads in confusion.
Chapter 924 - Acting Combat [2019/03/26 10:00]
---
“Oh, don’t think we’ll run out of eggs, okay?”
As Trash muttered this, the pigs brought out more of Filolial-sama’s eggs, as if to say there were still plenty left.
“Even if they’re lined up like we bought a huge batch of those 100-yen-per-pack eggs from the supermarket…”
“I suppose this is the reason why Filolial eggs are running out all over the world. They’re a terrifying bunch to go this far.”
“What a hideous strategy.”
“Since Motoyasu-kun is the one who can keep this under control, there’s no doubt it’s… the right approach.”
You pigs and Trash! You’re wasting your brains on this! No matter what happens, I will absolutely not forgive them!
“Well then… Spear Hero! Kill the Shield! Otherwise, we’ll just keep destroying these eggs! Seeing you suffer is our greatest joy!”
Ugh… If I don’t fight my Father, they’ll destroy the new Filolial-sama eggs. But attacking my Father goes against my sense of loyalty. It’s not as if one of us is superior or has priority over the other.
It’s such a difficult dilemma that smoke is practically coming out of my head. But if I hesitate here and fail to act, more of Filolial-sama’s eggs will be destroyed!
Just as I was wavering, my Father began speaking softly, in a whisper.
“Don’t move. Motoyasu, keep up the act that you’re injured.”
W-what is this? No, since he’s saying this, my Father must surely have a brilliant plan. I’m standing here frozen solid, just as he told me to.
“Something’s off… Aultcray hasn’t been looking our way for a while now. His words are extreme, but he’s just pretending to watch us—his gaze is actually fixed on something else entirely.”
Is that so? Now that you mention it, his movements have been strangely sluggish. I thought he wanted to take his time watching me suffer, but perhaps that’s not the case?
“Maybe he’s trying to tell us something… But since he’s known as the Wise King of Wisdom, this could be a trap. Still… we want to buy time just as much as he does. Sorry, Motoyasu, but you’ll have to play along.”
My Father gave me a slight smile.
“It’s okay. I’m not weak enough to be easily defeated by Motoyasu-kun’s attacks anymore. After all, you’re the one who raised me.”
Those words somehow tugged at my heartstrings, Father! As soon as I said that, Father backed away from me and glared.
“…Hmph. Looks like I’ll have to fight you after all, Motoyasu.”
My father gave me a hostile glare and raised his shield.
“Motoyasu… no, Motoyasu! I know all too well—and I’m sick and tired of it—how addicted you are to Filolial. I won’t let you get killed!”
Speaking in a slightly petty tone, my father deployed his Shooting Star Shield. Ugh… Are you telling me to attack my Father right here? But… ugh…
Enduring a stomachache so bad I might cough up blood, I have no choice but to swing my spear at my Father while trembling.
“Lord Motoyasu!”
“That’s right!”
“Ah! You lot, fight too! Filolial, the Spear Hero—you must fight as well… You know what will happen if you don’t, don’t you?”
“Ugh… How despicable! To resort to such underhanded and vile tactics—the cruelty of the Wise King of Wisdom and those under Takt’s influence… I absolutely will not forgive this!”
“Say whatever you like! This is our… battle for revenge!”
“Ugh… Lord Motoyasu…”
Just as Yuki-chan transforms into her Filolial form and tries to run toward me, my Rival steps in front of her.
“…Yuki! I won’t let you!”
“Please don’t interfere! All of this is… for Lord Motoyasu’s sake.”
“Gaelion will protect Naofumi. I don’t know anything about some ‘Spear Hero.’”
“To fail to understand the pain in Lord Motoyasu’s heart… just as I thought… you really are a dragon, aren’t you?”
“Call me whatever you like. It’s a fact that dragons and Filolials are incompatible!”
Rival takes a fighting stance while still in human form. At this moment, Yuki-chan charges at Rival at high speed, taking the lead, and unleashes a flurry of kicks—but Rival begins to parry them all.
“Bububu!”
“Hurry up and attack! Spear Hero!”
Along with the pig’s voice, Trash ordered me to attack while smashing a single egg down loudly.
Guuuuuuuuuuu… First, I must make the Rival pay! …Otherwise, I won’t be able to hold myself back.
“Die! Rival!”
This is actually a bit easier than fighting my Father!
“Whoa, don’t think the Shield Hero can’t attack!”
Saying that, my Father switched to a spiked shield that inflicts status ailments and ran toward me as I tried to attack my Rival.
I seem to remember seeing this scene before.
First… back when I was foolish, the battle where Big Sister was the stake. He didn’t use a shield, but a balloon—looking back now, that was a truly admirable display of initiative.
Next was the battle during a different playthrough, when Itsuki challenged me to a duel to save Keel… Back then, I’d also subdued my Father with status ailments.
“Woooooooooooooooooooooo!”
My Father raises his fist high and swings it at me. This is definitely a provocation. I… recall that moment and unleash those Skills.
“Chaos Stab/Chaos Spear!”
The tip of my spear splits into multiple prongs and flies toward my Father. He takes every single one of those attacks, and it ends with nothing more than a shower of sparks.
Ah… Father. As expected of you. You’re incredibly tough.
Now Father raises his shield and uses the reflection of the spikes to stab at me. Normally, I’d be afflicted with a status ailment here, but since I’ve mastered various skills, I’m able to resist it.
However… I’ll pretend to be affected by a status ailment, place my hand over my face as if I’m dizzy, and shove Father away.
“Ugh…”
“How’s that! This is it! The battle of the Shield Hero!”
I know you’re not fighting in earnest, Father, but it still hurts my heart.
“You’re doing quite well, Father. But if you think you can defeat me with something like this, you’re mistaken!”
“Bububu! Bubuu!”
“What are you slacking off for? Put some more effort into it! Spear Hero!”
Guaaaaaaaaaaaaah! That pig and that Trash have cracked another of Filolial-sama’s eggs! I’ll definitely slaughter them in the most gruesome way possible!
Father shifts his gaze from Trash to the squealing pig. Just as he’s glaring at it, the pig unleashes a massive wing blow right at him.
“Haa!”
My father brushes it off as if it’s no big deal, but in this situation… the wound in my heart is throbbing. It reminds me of back then, when I knew nothing and was being played like a fool by the Crimson Swine… Though the circumstances are different, there are many parallels. Ugh… it feels like my stomach is about to tear open.
“Just come at me already!”
My Father taunted me once again. But I… I—!
“…I guess I’ve got no choice.”
With that, Rival formed a magic projectile with one hand and fired it at the pig over by Trash.
“Oink!?”
“Oink!”
“Oink!”
With a “boom,” Rival’s Magic hit the pig; the other pigs managed to mitigate the damage, but it was left in tatters. But at the same time, countless of Filolial-sama’s eggs were shattered!
Rival, you bastard! What on earth are you doing here?!
“Youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!”
I’ll prioritize wiping my Rival off the face of the earth before fighting my Father! But if I unleash Brionac at full power, stray shots will hit the others. So, I’ll focus on a single target! This is a sure-hit attack!
“Die! Gungnir X!”
I unleashed Gungnir, my guaranteed-hit skill, straight at my Rival.
“Haa!”
My Father stepped in and deflected the Gungnir—which I’d aimed right between Rival’s eyebrows—with his shield. What!?　Father! Why are you protecting my Rival!?
“Is that all you’ve got? That’s not even a contest!”
“Father! My Rival… no, that dragon has committed an unforgivable sin.”
“…I don’t know about that. Gaelion-chan must have chosen me over Motoyasu-kun and Filolial, after all.”
Ugh… Those are such cold, dismissive words from my Father. Does he care that much about my Rival!? That guy is a dragon—he’s my enemy! With an attitude like this, Filo-tan and Sakura-chan will be heartbroken!
…No, my faith in my Father is whispering to me. That he’s deliberately protecting my Rival. That he’s making me angry to minimize the damage—so that Filolial-sama’s egg won’t be broken because of me.
I do have faith in him. But I’m also angry. That’s exactly why I can’t show any mercy!
“If you get in my way, I won’t hold back!”
With a twinge of stomach pain, I launched a thrust toward Father.
“Hah! This is—”
My father, anticipating what would come next after my thrust, deflected the tip of my spear with his shield.
“Burst Lance X!”
With a loud bang, the tip of my spear exploded with extraordinary force.
“Whoa… Drifa Heal V!”
Even my father, impressive as he is, took a hit from my Burst Lance attack and was wounded, but he immediately healed his injury with Magic.
“And now… Windmill!”
In tornado mode, I unleashed the Windmill at my father and took my time charging the Brionac.
“Don’t get in my way!”
“I won’t let you!”
My rival and Yuki-chan are locked in a grapple, but right now we should focus our attacks on Father.
“Boo-boo-boo-boo!”
I could hear the pig cackling from behind as Father and I fought. You lot, I’ll definitely remember this! The attack itself packs quite a punch, but I’ll unleash it without putting any real power behind it. That way, I should be able to pull it off just by the way it looks!
“Turn into a pile of charcoal with this! Brionac X!”
I fired my very first Brionac aimed at Father, as if I were praying.
“Air Strike Shield V! Second Shield V! Shield Prison V! Shooting Star Shield X!”
With loud clangs, my Father took my attacks head-on. In this world, my Father usually deflects attacks with moves like Air One-Way Shield, but this time, he’s taking them head-on to keep the Brionac’s trajectory from veering off course. What’s more, he’s adjusting his Defense Power to make it look like the skill shields that appear are getting shattered one after another. Ugh… Even from a vantage point like this, I can really feel my Father’s compassion and acting skills.
“Woooooooooooooo!”
Screaming, I keep attacking my Father without putting any real power behind my strikes. I destroy the shields that Father summons one by one… After breaking the Shooting Star Shield barrier, the shield cage shatters, and just as I’ve penetrated it slightly, I run out of ammo and catch my breath, panting heavily.
“Haa… haa… He’s so tough.”
“That’s… exactly what I was going to say.”
Guh… I must have gone too hard—my Father looks like he’s injured. How should I fight from here on out?
“Hate Reaction! Come on, come at me!”
My Father cast a skill that draws enemy aggro right at me. Guh… For some reason, I just can’t stop focusing on my Father.
“Bububu!”
Now those pigs are even launching attack Magic and sniper fire at us! Just how far do they plan to take this?
“Guh…”
“I’m not just going to stand by and watch!”
I used my cloak to deflect the incoming spells, and my Father also took a defensive stance.
“Naofumi!?”
“Motoyasu-sama!”
As if to follow up on the attack, a magic circle was drawn on the ground, and Ceremonial Magic—the advanced group synthesis magic ‘Last Judgment’—rained down, engulfing both me and my Father. Since it was Magic cast by those pigs from Takt, I’d say it had quite a bit of power, wouldn’t you agree?
“Oink, oink, oink!”
Their cackling makes me want to vomit, but smoke is rising. Now then… time to check on my Father. Judging by his aura, he’s still in one piece. He hasn’t taken that much damage either.
Just as I was thinking that, a loud thud echoed from the distance!
This must be—! It seems that while we were buying time, Zou and Kou must have discovered something. They’ve apparently cleared a wide escape route.
“Oink!? Oo-oo-oo!”
“W-who are you! To dare interrupt our entertainment!”
The Trash and the pig are yelling toward the sound, clearly seething with rage. Soon, from a spot slightly off to the side of where the sound came from… the door to the room was smashed open.
“Oink!?”
“Who’s that!?”
“Huh? Shield Heroes and Spear Heroes, how’s it going?”
At that moment, Panda called out to us. Wait a minute—weren’t you supposed to have gone with Sakura-chan to rescue your Finacée?
“Naofumi! Are you okay?”
It looks like Sakura-chan is here, too. Just then, the dust cloud cleared. I turned my gaze toward Panda, Sakura-chan, and the others.
There, Panda, Éclair, and Sakura-chan were standing with the Queen, her Finacée, and the Tiger Guys.
Chapter 925 - Special Edition: I Reincarnated as the Villainous Princess of *The Shield Hero*—What Do You Think I Should Do? [2019/04/01 10:00]
When I came to, I found myself alone in a luxurious room. Where… on earth… am I? Unable to make sense of the situation, I looked at the vanity nearby.
But what I saw there wasn’t my own familiar face… no. This face was unmistakably that of the villain known as Vitch—the root of all this trouble.
Vaguely, I recall a past life…?　I should have been working as an office lady in modern society.
My name was… what was it again? I can’t quite remember. However, there’s no doubt that the woman reflected in this mirror is the foolish and utterly wicked princess who appears as an enemy in *The Rise of the Shield Hero* and *The Spear Hero’s Redo*.
*The Rise of the Shield Hero*. A work that began as a serialization on the “Let’s Become Novelists” website, was later published in book form, and even adapted into an anime.
It’s the story of Naofumi Iwatani, a college student who came to the library to read, and who, while reading a book titled *The Book of the Four Holy Weapons* that he happened to find, is summoned to another world as the Shield Hero—the hero who saves the world depicted within the book. From this clichéd beginning, he becomes entangled in various conspiracies.
Starting with the other three Heroes—who can’t seem to shake their “video game” mentality—the story follows Naofumi as he fends off conspiracies and false accusations orchestrated by Melromarc, the summoning nation that seeks to persecute him because, from a religious perspective, he is the Shield Hero of an enemy nation. I’ve been reading this series since I was in high school. It’s a work that divides readers—some see it as unconventional yet classic, while others view it as classic yet unconventional—and many find it stressful to read.
After *The Rise of the Shield Hero* concluded, the author wrote a new side story titled *The Spear Hero’s Redo*. This story begins with the Spear Hero—who was portrayed as the main antagonist in *The Rise of the Shield Hero*—getting trapped in a loop in a parallel world. Even though he knows the future, the clumsy Spear Hero—whose personality has changed—tries his best to achieve his ideal future… well, not exactly.
It’s a story about him being infatuated with Filo, one of the heroines from *The Rising of the Shield Hero*, while regretting his past mistakes, struggling to help the Shield Hero, and doing his best to meet Filo. Since the Spear Hero—who’s pretty out there in his own way—tries to force his way through necessary steps, this story reveals events that couldn’t be fully depicted in the main series, *The Rising of the Shield Hero*.
I remember this well because I used to read and enjoy both of these stories a lot. I pored over the characters depicted in the novel’s illustrations and across various media. That’s exactly why there’s no way I could mistake her.
This woman—whose features could almost be called those of a beautiful girl when she puts on a innocent facade, but whose face, when she smiles defiantly, can only be described as that of a villain—is undoubtedly… the villainous princess who would later be known as Vitch. Why is she… that villainous princess?
I gaze at the mirror once more. Hmm, she really is a beauty. When she’s not making that villainous expression and just acting naturally… she doesn’t look entirely out of place as the heroine of a manga aimed at men… How does this even work? At the very least, I don’t think it’s the kind of face that gives her away as a villain at first glance. Well, maybe that’s necessary so the events in the original story make sense.
As I thought that, I looked out the window… and caught a glimpse of someone coming up the stairs. That’s… yeah, no doubt about it. It’s the Four Holy Heroes. I quietly opened the door and called out to the soldier on patrol.
“Excuse me.”
“Ha! What may I do for you, Lady Malty?”
The soldier, startled by my voice, saluted while trying to hide his fear. It seems I still hold some power here. Let’s confirm that, just to be safe.
“Could you tell me what’s happening in the castle right now?”
“Ha! Word has spread throughout the castle that, under the orders of the Three Heroes Church and Aultcray King, the Four Holy Heroes have been successfully summoned! Would you like to attend the audience?”
Just as I thought… it seems I’ve really ended up in another world—the world of *The Rise of the Shield Hero*. In fact, there’s even an option to bring up my status icon right in my field of vision…
“No, but… I plan to observe the situation from the back.”
If I recall correctly… the story went that this princess was actually hiding in the back of the throne room.
“I’m sorry for stopping you. Please return to your duties.”
“Ha!”
The soldier saluted and quickly left the scene. He’s probably talking behind my back right now. Well… to be honest, I’ve read quite a bit of the *Shield Hero* series, and it’s one of my favorite works.
It really fuels my ship-related fantasies, and I’m a big fan of the Faubrey arc featuring the Spear Hero… There’s no doubt I’m that kind of person.
My favorite pairing is Spear × Shield. The other way around is good too. I want to see these two interact.
My mind is racing enough that I’d like to take advantage of this opportunity to pull off all sorts of underhanded schemes… but at the same time, my situation in the *Shield Hero* series is extremely dire. After all, in this series, those who retain memories of their past lives are called “reincarnates,” and I was a pawn of the mastermind behind all the chaos that’s wreaking havoc on the world. So… if I make a wrong move, not only will I be killed, but my very soul might be erased.
Suddenly, I pinch my cheek to see if this is a dream, and a sharp pain shoots through me. Yeah… I really have been reincarnated as Vitch. No… I’ve been possessed by her, actually. This Vitch has all sorts of backstory—or rather, she’s a troublesome presence—and if I’ve been possessed by her, there must be all sorts of complications with her original self… but there’s no strange voice or anything.
…How am I going to survive from here on out? The world is experiencing a phenomenon known as “waves.” If we respond too casually to this crisis, not only will the country continue to fall into ruin, but the world itself might be destroyed. After all, the country is secretly stirring up discord among the Heroes, and it seems this country’s religion believes that after framing and killing the Shield Hero, the world will be saved by the Three Heroes.
Only followers of their own religion will be spared from the time of destruction. A new era will begin with the believers and Heroes who have overcome the crisis. When I look up the religious texts and teachings from the world of my past life, I find quite a few descriptions like that. I can imagine it’s a way to keep believers loyal, but the Three Heroes Church has actually put it into practice.
It may seem foolish, but apocalyptic theories are everywhere. I’m sure they existed in the world of my past life, too.
So, given this situation… what should I do?
Should I, as a “good guy” reincarnate, explain the situation to the heroes and try to get them to believe me? Something like, “I know everything about this story, so please trust me.” But… the moment I say that, if a bomb set by the mastermind behind the scenes were to explode, blowing my head to pieces and even obliterating my soul, that would be the end of the story.
Should I decide to be a bystander, do nothing, and keep my distance from the heroes? That’s not a bad option either. At the very least, if I do nothing, I might be able to avoid putting my own life in danger.
But… if I try anything strange… well. If I use my modern knowledge to do something unnecessary, it seems like ruin is bound to be my fate. There’s no doubt this is the kind of story world where getting too cocky will lead to nothing good.
It’s a bit of a meta way of thinking, though. Neither the Queen nor Princess Melty would complain if I just did nothing.
But… if I remember correctly, wasn’t the plot supposed to go something like this: I’d be made to take responsibility for the Hero’s summoning, and the Queen would end up proposing a marriage alliance with that sadistic King Faubrey…? The Queen is compassionate and wants to avoid marrying me off, but if King Faubrey makes a strong demand, there’s a non-zero chance she won’t be able to refuse and will end up offering me to him. It’s easy to imagine that the fact I was a companion of the Spear Hero was one of the reasons she was able to refuse the marriage proposal in the first place.
Taking action is dangerous; doing nothing is dangerous… Hmm. I need to strike a balance… while making sure the Queen doesn’t marry me off, and without provoking the Heroes… Escaping as a commoner or fleeing the country is probably out of the question—it’d be the work of the Shadow Organization or some covert unit. If I tried something like that, they’d suspect I’m up to something and might go ahead with the marriage anyway.
…It’s starting to feel like I’m in a pretty tight spot. Why did I have to end up as Vitch of all people? If I had to choose, I’d have preferred to be Melty or Raphtalia.
No, actually, maybe a background character—like Keel… or maybe someone low-key like Imiya would be better in this situation? But come to think of it, I’m pretty sure even those characters had pretty tragic pasts and circumstances. I don’t want to end up in a situation like that.
……It’s almost like I’m wondering, “Who would actually be a good choice?”…… that’s when it hit me. Elena, the Lazy Pig! If she manages to worm her way into the Hero’s good graces and just keeps an eye on his mood, she’ll be able to slip away safely. She doesn’t even have a particularly tragic backstory.
Or maybe Filo…? No, that’s a bit too much. Just think about it. If I, a modern-day office worker, were to go around saying, “Filo’s name is Filo!”—that would be problematic in so many ways. Besides, I don’t even know if I could reincarnate as a Filolial in the first place.
It would’ve been better if I’d been a mob Filolial raised by the Spear Hero! Long live reincarnation as a monster!
I unconsciously bit my nails, my teeth grinding. I looked every bit the villainess. With that, I quietly made my way to the audience chamber to peek in on the heroes’ audience.
I have a vague grasp of the castle’s layout from my memories as a princess, so I don’t get lost. I wonder how I should go about this? Since all sorts of people from other worlds have come to this one, it should be hard to make money or gain recognition using modern knowledge.
---
Just as I was thinking that, it suddenly—an idea occurred to me.
---
……Is this world I’ve been reincarnated into *The Rise of the Shield Hero*?
Or is it *The Spear Hero’s Second Chance*?
---
If it’s the former, there are still plenty of possibilities waiting to be tapped. If I stay devotedly by the side of Naofumi Iwatani, the Shield Hero, especially regarding the king’s and the kingdom’s behind-the-scenes schemes, there’s a high chance things will work out.
It’ll be hard work, but the rewards will be great. The queen will appreciate me, so I can avoid being forced into marriage. The Shield Hero, whose personality hasn’t changed, seems to have a bit of an ulterior motive, but he comes across as a perfectly ordinary young man. He’s the kind of otaku who’ll understand if you just talk to him. He’ll believe me even if I hide my true feelings.
If I nurture him properly… yeah. There’s a high chance we’ll survive. As for the shadowy schemes behind the scenes, let’s leave that to the Queen to handle.
As for self-defense, as long as he has knowledge of the series, he’ll be fine. Since I’ve studied the backstory of *The Spear Hero* thoroughly, I’m sure we’ll manage somehow. Besides, there’s a suspicion that *The Shield Hero* comes from the world of a cooking manga, so I’m a little curious just how delicious his food is.
But… if it turns out to be *The Spear Hero* instead, that would be the worst-case scenario.
After all, in the *Spear Hero* reboot, the protagonist—the Spear Hero—basically can’t tell the difference between a woman’s voice and a pig’s squeal. What’s more, I’m considered the absolute worst pig of them all and am even called the “Crimson Swine.” To top it off, there’s a high chance he’ll try to kill me at the first opportunity.
You know… it feels like he’d just suddenly kill me out of the blue. Even if I’m not doing anything in particular, I could just be walking through the castle when suddenly, out of nowhere, a spear pierces my chest from behind and I die… that’s right, hahahaha… BAD END… that’s totally a possibility. It’s like there’s a 1% chance of a death roll every time I take an action, with no save function.
What do you call that? Like that guy in armor.
It’s a bit of a meta thought, but it seems plausible. It’s the kind of development where something happens in future chapters I haven’t read yet.
That’s because *True Spear*, the sequel to *The Spear Hero’s Redo*, hasn’t been completed yet. There might still be countless unexplored parts or landmines lying around.
Anyway… let’s first confirm which one it is. Judging by what happened earlier, he’ll definitely introduce himself during the audience. I quietly slip behind the throne room and prick up my ears.
“I am the king of this realm, Aultcray Melromarc the 32nd. Heroes, raise your heads!”
Ah, so this is the father of this body—the man who would later be called the “Trash King.” He was the “Hero of the Staff” and known as the “Wise King of Wisdom,” and apparently played a significant role in Melromarc’s past.
Nowadays, though… to put it mildly, he’s a “Madao.” He’s just a hopeless old man—or “Madao,” for short. He’s a troublesome old geezer who won’t come to his senses until he loses a few things. I think he’ll listen to me, his daughter, but when it comes to Naofumi Iwatani, the Shield Hero, there’s a high chance he’ll go off the rails. I hope he’ll stop just because I told him to… but since he didn’t seem to back down even after Melty tried to persuade him, it might be difficult.
As I was thinking about this, the king and his entourage began explaining the crisis facing this world.
“I get the gist. So, you’re asking us—who were summoned here—to work for free?”
“That’s a pretty convenient story, isn’t it?”
“We don’t owe you anything, do we? It’d be unbearable to work for free only to be told ‘goodbye’ once peace is restored. Actually, I want to know if there’s even a way for us to get back home—what’s the deal with that?”
“Guh…”
That’s when the Heroes secretly clenched their fists.
“We’ve also prepared financial aid. We truly want you, the Heroes, to protect the world, and we intend to provide a place for you to do so.”
“Don’t think you can keep us on a leash. We’ll cooperate as long as you don’t become our enemies.”
“…I suppose so.”
“Exactly.”
…… Yeah. This flow is definitely *The Shield Hero*. Good, good.
No… I’m starting to feel a little uneasy. If you ask me if I remember the details, I’m a bit iffy on this part of the exchange. But in terms of the flow… it’s definitely right, I think. I listen to the heroes’ self-introductions with my hands clasped together, as if in prayer.
“My name is Ren Amaki. I’m 16 years old and a high school student.”
Yeah, he’s got that shota vibe and is pretty cute. I think he’ll end up having the best personality. He’s the classic hero, isn’t he? Though the events after peace is restored do evoke a lot of sympathy.
But more importantly, what’s coming next!
Shield, shield, shield!
“My name is Motoyasu Kitamura! I’m The Love Hunter!”
It was a spear-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------! I leaned against the wall, unable to help but feel despair at the death flags that were bound to appear from here on out.
What’s going to happen to my life—!? April Fools’ Day
Chapter 926 - Special Edition: The Spear Hero [2019/04/01 11:00]
The Spear Hero: A Slight Sneak Peek at What’s to Come (Hypothetical)
The Dark Saint Hero <DARK Brave> Squad
---
“Where did Keel go? I haven’t seen him since this morning…”
My father asks Big Sister in the cafeteria.
“Um… for a while now, he’s been waiting in the corner of the cafeteria with the Sword Hero and Black Thunder, either waiting to cook or just hanging out.”
“It’s not like they’re Motoyasu and Filolial…”
Just as my Father sighs, perhaps because their location has been pinpointed, Ren, Black Thunder, and Keel abruptly break their stealth and appear, striking a pose.
“It seems the karma of our past lives has brought us together once again…”
As usual, Ren seems to be having fun playing with Black Thunder. He’s covering his right eye with his left hand, his elbow bent at a strange angle, and giving us a sidelong glance.
“Filolial Mask No. 4, here I am!”
Keel is striking a mysterious pose as well. He’s wearing something that looks just like the mask I’m wearing.
“Hahaha! The Jet-Black Twin Fangs have arrived!”
Black Thunder is also striking a pose behind Ren, covering his left eye.
“Darkness S'yne!”
“‘We are! The Darkness Brave Squad!’”
There was a small explosion behind us—*boom*.
“…Sigh. These guys… If they want to eat, they should just say so… Instead, they’ve gone and moved in on their own. They’re seriously trouble, these guys…”
“Keel-kun has started getting involved…”
“He’s totally just the mascot now. I mean, waiting for us to come out? Do you guys have nothing better to do…?”
I should join in here too! Sizzle!
“The Filolial Mask has arrived! Kueeeee! That’s right!”
“Motoyasu’s jumping on the bandwagon and pulling pranks too… Seriously, these Mystery Justice Squad guys are exhausting…”
“Ha ha ha! We’re the Filolial Rangers!”
“Hmph… Nope. We’re the Dark Brave Squad.”
“Even though Number 4’s mixed in here.”
That’s my Father’s retort.
“I guess it’s for the best that Filolial Mask Numbers 2 and 3 aren’t here… Rishia, you’ll have to find out what Numbers 2 and 3 are up to.”
“Why don’t you join in too, Father? How about Big Sister?”
“I don’t like that vibe.”
“Someone… go get Filo-tan. At the very least, shut Motoyasu up.”
Eek!? Is Filo-tan coming!?
---
★
Flag Breaker Itsuki
Itsuki is being led away by the school dorm’s pig of a dorm supervisor.
“Since I have teleportation skills, I don’t really need to live in the dorm…”
“Oink, oink, oink, oink, oink, oink, oink.”
It seems the pig is explaining something to him. With a sigh, Itsuki arrives in front of the room assigned to him. Then, without haste, he placed his hand on the doorknob… and after mimicking the pig’s military-style move of pressing his ear against the door—for some reason—Itsuki asked the pig,
“This is supposed to be my room, right? There shouldn’t be anyone inside, should there?”
“O-oink… oink-oink-oink”
“I see… which means—”
He transformed the bow he was holding into a firearm—a grenade launcher—and after hurriedly opening the door, he fired.
“Paralyzing Smoke Shot!”
With a “Bash!” as Itsuki fired the round, he slammed the door shut. A “whoosh” echoed as smoke billowed out from inside the room.
“Ooogggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!?”
The pig’s squeal reverberated through the room, then gradually faded away.
“Ooog, ooog…”
“I had a bad feeling about this, so it was the right call to do this just in case.”
When the door opened and the smoke cleared, there lay a completely naked pig—who looked like he’d just gotten out of the shower—collapsed on the floor.
“O… Oo-oink? Oo-oo-oo…”
Itsuki tried his best not to look. The dorm leader pig entered the room and draped a towel over the naked pig.
“I suppose since the room had been vacant for quite some time, he was using it as a makeshift changing room, wasn’t he?”
“O-o-o-o-o… O-o-o-o…”
The dorm leader cast a healing spell to cure the paralysis afflicting the collapsed pig. It seems there’s no doubt this is indeed the world-renowned school of Magic. As expected of an academy that admitted the Magic Shop Owner who helped my Father out in so many ways. It seems the Pig Dorm Leader is fully equipped with healing magic as well.
“Oink, oink-oink! Oink-oink!”
“Well… even if you boast about your family background and grades… I’m the Bow Hero among the Four Sacred Heroes, so I’m far above that.”
“B, Buhi? Bububu! Bubuhi, Bubuhi!”
The pig looked momentarily dumbfounded, but immediately snapped back to his senses and started shouting while pointing at Itsuki. This vibe… I seem to remember it vaguely. I suspect I’ve been ordered to take part in some kind of mysterious contest.
“Bububu… Buhi! Boo-boo!”
At that moment, the dorm leader pig yelled at the naked pig in a loud voice.
“Shouldn’t you first report the unauthorized use of a school room to the school representative? Also, just because you took part in a contest doesn’t mean your offense will be forgotten. In fact, you’ll be suspected of trying to scheme against me in the first place, so I think it would be better for your future if you just left the room right now.”
Yelled at by the Dorm Leader Pig and cut down without mercy by Itsuki, the Naked Pig’s face turned even redder, and he began to scream. Hearing the commotion, the Academy Principal literally came flying in.
“What on earth are you doing! Who do you think this person is?!　She’s the Bow Hero—one of the Four Holy Heroes who saved the world from the Waves!”
“O-o-o-oink!?”
After being yelled at by the principal, even the completely naked pig seemed to realize the gravity of the situation.
“I thought you were a model student… but I’m disappointed. As for the expulsion you’ve been making such a fuss about, that’s something you’ll have to handle yourself. Stop doing things that will make your parents sad.”
“Now, now, Principal… I do think she’s a bit of a troublemaker, but it would be a shame to cut her off from her future… If she stays away from me, I’ll let it slide, so please show her some mercy.”
“If the Bow Hero says so… then you’d better thank the Bow Hero. Now, get out of here.”
“O-o-oink!”
Powerless to resist, the pig left the room, letting out a frustrated squeal.
“I’m truly sorry to have dragged you into such an incident right after you arrived.”
“Don’t worry about it. I had a feeling this might happen…”
Saying that, Itsuki walked over to the room’s balcony… and slowly switched the bow—which had been set to a grenade launcher—back to a handgun—
“Oink—”
With a *bang*, he shot the pig right between the eyes as it fell, knocking it away so it wouldn’t get caught on the railing. Just before the pig, having been shot, was about to crash to the ground with a *thud*, it floated in the air for a moment before landing. It seems its gear was designed to harness the wind.
“That breaks the pattern… I wonder where the next one will come from?”
“W-well, it seems the Bow Hero is quite thorough in his preparations.”
“Well, there was someone who scattered hints left and right… Anyway, I’m going to get some rest in my room now.”
“Yes… Please take your time…”
Saying that, the school principal and the dorm supervisor pig left the room.
“Well then… I know you’re hiding somewhere, so please come out.”
“Tch! I set the stage for this, and now it’s turning out to be such a boring development. Seriously!”
My Rival, who was with me, clicked his tongue.
“Itsuki… it’s no fun if you squash the foreshadowing, is it…?”
My father protested to Itsuki right then and there.
“So you were hiding after all… It’s fine, though. I don’t need that kind of cliché from you. Seriously… I guess there really was a reason Gaelion-san was pushing you so hard for no good reason.”
“Itsuki… You really should stick to the clichés. I mean, you’re a pig, after all.”
This kind of commotion was an everyday occurrence for me, too! But since I’m a pig, I don’t even feel like doing it!
“For once, please stop teasing me—starting with that future robot-like thing that showed up the other day. Gaelion!”
“Gaelion wasn’t the one leading him on.”
“Itsuki, isn’t that rude to Raph…?”
Chapter 927 - Outcast [2019/04/02 10:00]
---
“Well, I guess… it looks like you managed to rescue the hostages over there. But why are you here?”
“Ah… well, it seems the Queen of Melromarc is quite a stubborn one. And to make matters worse, these girls have been meticulously branded with slave marks, so it looks like they can’t leave the building. We’re using Magic to suppress the marks so they don’t activate, though.”
That’s quite thorough. That’s true… Since the Portal skill requires the target’s permission to be drawn in, you have to use slave marks or similar methods to render them unable to resist—that’s the exception. So, does that mean they forcibly enslaved the queens and carried them off? Trash—enslaving his own wife and Finacée like that—he’ll stop at nothing.
“…Lord Iwatani, thank you so very much for saving us this time.”
“Don’t worry about it. We’re allies, after all, and we were attacked by despicable terrorists. I can’t very well complain.”
My Father spoke words of forgiveness regarding the queen’s apology. I’m relieved to have confirmed my Finacée’s safety as well. My fiancée is being protected, riding on Sakura-chan’s back.
“Elmelo is leading the others in evacuating the rest of the group outside the building right now. Elmelo and the others will be here soon, too.”
“Well, we’ve rescued the hostages. Don’t think you can keep manipulating Motoyasu-kun and fighting forever.”
“……”
That Trash just kept glaring at us with a completely unflappable expression.
“Aultcray… I can’t say I don’t understand why you’re angry about losing Malty. But Malty’s death was your own doing—yours included… Stop piling up more sins. What about Melty, who’s still alive right now?!”
The Queen tried to reason with that Trash. As if to drive the point home, she then showed him Tiger Guy and his sister she’d brought along.
“If you look at this child, surely you’ll understand? Times have changed. I understand your feelings of resentment… but let’s put an end to this.”
“So the plan is to have Atla meet him, right? Atla.”
“It seems so… That person has an aura very similar to my brother’s.”
The Tiger Guy and his sister also join in, addressing Trash.
“You’re getting too cocky just because you rescued a hostage. Mirellia, listen to me.”
Trash ignores us and walks toward the queen.
“Soon, we’ll have the Spear Hero—who killed Malty—kill the Shield Hero, and then, once the Spear Hero is completely exhausted, we’ll join forces to finish him off. That way, we’ll defeat all those responsible for the waves that are plunging the world into crisis, and peace will reign.”
“Nonsense… The theory that the Shield Hero is the mastermind behind the waves, as written in the Three Heroes Church’s scriptures, is simply not something one can believe.”
That’s exactly what’s written in the Three Heroes Church’s scripture, isn’t it? It’s a ridiculous story—that only the Three Heroes Church can survive the end-of-the-world wave by joining forces to kill the Shield Demon King at the time of the Holy War, when the world ends. It seems they tried to make us kill my Father because they were attempting to reenact the events described in that scripture.
My Father from the first world once remarked that every religion seems to have similar apocalyptic beliefs. Come to think of it, I recall hearing that even in my world, extremist religions hold similar ideas—the kind that claim only their own followers can survive.
“Either way, the crime of killing Malty is unforgivable. I won’t rest until I make him pay, even if I have to risk my own life!”
With that, Trash approached the Queen, and she glared back at him, refusing to back down. I wonder if they’ll be able to talk this out? Even the pigs don’t seem willing to step in this time… I suppose that means they trust Trash? Just as Trash reached the very front of the Queen, right in front of her bodyguard Éclair—!
“Danger!”
The tiger girl noticed and warned them. A flash of light burst from behind Trash for just an instant.
It came from a spot a little ways away in this room! Was that an attack aimed at Trash!? Who could it be!?
Just as my gaze turned toward the sniper, a voice rang out.
“Huh!?”
Thud! The Queen shoved Trash aside, taking that single beam of light to her chest.
“Wha—!?”
“Ah—!?”
“No way!?”
Even Éclair, who was nearby, and everyone else were too slow to react to that split-second event. I, too, was a little far away because I’d been fighting with my Father. I was too late to rush over. That’s how fleeting the whole thing was.
“Ah…”
Trash, who had plopped down on his butt with a thud, glanced toward the sniper’s position, then immediately turned back to face the Queen. A hole had been blown through her chest, and she collapsed right there.
“Mi, Mirellia! What the hell do you think you’re doing, you bastardaaaaaaaaaa! ”
The Trash yells this at the sniper. The sniper appears to be a guy wearing a robe.
“Hmph. Did you really think I didn’t know what you were up to? Even though we went out of our way to set things up so you could fight more easily. You took your sweet time getting things going. Well… if I’ve weakened him this much, I guess that’s good enough.”
Hearing that voice, I furrowed my brow. As if he’d been waiting for his moment, the guy in the robe took it off, revealing his true form. Trash shouted the guy’s name.
“Taktoooooo!”
And there, standing with his face contorted in rage, was Takt—who should have already been dealt with in this loop.
“…Ort, Clay… Guh…”
Trash hurried over to the Queen and scooped her up. But the Queen was coughing up blood.
“Don’t speak! Mirellia! The wound is—ugh…”
There was a hole in her chest, and even with first aid, it was doubtful she would survive.
“Queen!”
Éclair rushed over and pointed her sword at Takt as if to shield the Queen.
“Mother!”
“Mel-chan!”
Since her finacée was leaning over Sakura-chan’s shoulder to get closer, Sakura-chan moved closer to the Queen.
“Mother! Mother! Stay with us!”
“S-someone! Help her!”
Trash cries out for help.
“Got it!”
Without a moment’s hesitation, my Father rushed over first and began casting a healing Magic spell on the Queen.
“You—no! Please!”
Trash furrowed his brow at first, but now he’s watching my Father’s Magic with the look of someone clinging to a straw. After all, healing magic is Father’s specialty.
However, even his healing magic has its limits. If it could heal any wound, the Tiger Girl wouldn’t have… died. And the dead cannot be brought back to life.
“Too bad! Don’t think you’ll recover that easily. While I’m at it, I’ll kill you too!”
With that, Takt… raises his sword, preparing to launch a follow-up attack on Trash and my Father.
“Takt! You—”
Instinctively, I raised my spear toward Takt—
“Oops, Spear Hero! Can’t you see this? If you try anything stupid, my minions will smash even more eggs than the ones right here!”
As if it were the most natural thing in the world, Takt has wrapped Filolial-sama’s eggs all over his body.
“Ugh…”
“Haha! See? It works like a charm! What do you mean ‘it doesn’t work,’ you idiot! Of course it works! So much for being the ‘Wise King of Wisdom.’ My brain’s way better than yours! Don’t you know the saying, ‘Seeing is believing’?”
Takt said this as if he were mocking Trash. It seems Takt and Trash were in cahoots behind the scenes.
“I won’t let you!”
Just as Rival was about to attack Takt, Takt interrupted the attack and leaped far back.
“You’re all coming out in droves! You lot! Let’s take care of them quickly! The only dangerous one is the Spear Hero anyway!”
“‘Boo-boo!’”
“Ah, Nelshen. You go take out that dragon over there—the one that took over the place.”
“Boo-boo!”
At this point, the pig—the former representative of Shieldfreeden who was among Takt’s entourage—stepped forward, puffed out his chest, and let out some kind of cry.
“Takt… why are you here!?”
Father says to Takt with a bewildered expression.
“…It’s a homunculus. Someone close to Takt managed to secure his soul. Then, someone knowledgeable about homunculi implanted it into a replica body and revived him.”
“Boo-boo-boo!”
Next to Takt, a guy in a white lab coat is standing there with his chest puffed out. I want to kill him, but he’s meticulously covered his entire body with Filolial-sama’s eggs. These guys…! My murderous intent has reached its limit!
“That’s the deal! Seriously, they’re treating us like we’re the root of all this trouble! You guys are the ones at fault! It’s because of you that we’ve been pushed into the shadows! That’s why you have to take responsibility and reveal the truth!”
Takt is letting loose with a furious tirade. Ugh… If they hadn’t taken Filolial-sama’s eggs hostage, this situation wouldn’t have happened…
“To think they could do something like that…”
“Alchemists really have no limits… It makes me sick!”
Panda is baring his claws and getting into a fighting stance.
“You’ve got to give it your all too, Sir Knight! If we lose here, everything’s ruined!”
“I know!”
“Whoa, can’t you punks even see this? Huh?”
Takt is flaunting a familiar sword with that familiar, arrogant attitude—one that looks all too familiar to me. That’s…
“—It’s a Sacred Weapon of the Sword!”
Rival says this upon seeing the sword Takt is holding. …It seems that even in this playthrough, Ren was killed by Takt. One of the mysteries has been solved. The reason Ren didn’t come to Cal Mira Island was because he’d already been killed by Takt.
“Of course I’ve got more up my sleeve! I may’ve been beaten last time, but I’m the strongest hero! This time, I’ll make sure you all pay the price!”
“So Ren is…”
Trash shakes his head at Father’s words. Huh? Does that gesture mean Ren is still alive? But his expression doesn’t look good.
“I do feel sorry for the Sword Hero. But I told myself it was all for the sake of revenge. However…”
It seems Ren is still alive—he just had his weapon taken from him. That’s a relief.
“Aultcray! You call yourself the Wise King of Wisdom—stop hiding that staff and hand it over already! I’ll put it to good use!”
“Who would ever hand it over to Trash like you!”
Trash yells at Takt, his hostility plain to see. My father watches Trash and Takt while tending to the queen’s wounds. Trash… looking extremely displeased, answered while cradling the queen.
“…It’s true that I’m prepared to use any means necessary to kill the Shield and the Spear… but not if my wife and Melty are dragged into this. Moreover…”
Trash then turned his gaze toward the Tiger Guy’s sister and wore a pained expression.
“You lot are the ones who killed Malty! If I could’ve killed you right here, that would’ve been fine! But—”
“Guh… Guh…”
This scene reminds me once again of the first world. Back then… the Queen died after being struck by Takt’s deadly blade, didn’t she?
“The Love Hunter commands—”
As he began chanting to unleash a dispel spell on Takt—
“So what are you trying to pull here! Can’t you see this!?”
With a *crack*, Takt smashed the egg. *Ggyyaaah!* *Oh no!* The incantation was interrupted.
“…Motoyasu, help me! I can’t heal him all by myself! Hurry!”
“O-okay!”
Back then, we didn’t know how to enhance our weapons, and there were limits to what we could do with Magic. Above all, my Father had suffered life-threatening injuries.
But… if we join forces now, we should be able to save even a dying queen!
I despise this Trash and have him on my list of people to kill, but the Queen is a different matter. That’s why I’ll give it my all, too. After all, I do have a knack for healing Magic.
“Father, we need to coordinate our efforts to treat her. I’ll cast a powerful spell to purge the curse, so you use healing Magic to seal the wounds.”
“I know.”
Working in sync with my Father, I’ll cast “Liberation Curse Recovery X.” After all, the weapon Takt is using is still a hero’s weapon, even if it’s rusted. It’s powerful, no matter what. There are many things even holy water can’t heal, and we weren’t able to treat the Queen of the First World in time either.
But little by little, the curse is losing its potency. The fact that it’s only weakening now that I’m giving it my all… just how powerful is this curse?!
“That’s why I told you not to do it! The fact that they’re all gathered in one spot means you’re supposed to do it, right?!”
Just as Takt raised his sword to attack us, Éclair and the others took up defensive positions to protect us.
“Bubuuu”
A pig—apparently the former representative of Shieldfreeden—who was standing near Takt took a step forward and began to transform. If I recall correctly, he’s capable of transforming into the form of Aotatsu.
That pig lunged at my Rival. With a single swing, a massive dragon’s arm emerged, attempting to strike my Rival. It seems the transformation is limited to just part of its body—and while it’s large, it’s designed so as not to hinder its movement indoors. How presumptuous of Takt and that pig to act this way!
Chapter 928 - I can't stand watching this anymore. [2019/04/09 10:00]
“Bubhee! Buhee!”
“You dare to fear my power—the power I gained by inheriting that of Raildia, whom the Spear Hero killed? This is the true representative and president of Shieldfreeden! I mean…”
My father, while tending to the queen’s wounds, repeated the words so I could understand.
“I’m here to avenge Raildia, who was brutally murdered by you lot! Suffer!”
At this point, my Rival began radiating an exceptionally intense killing intent.
“Huh? Are you underestimating me? Do you even realize how much trouble your corruption has caused Gaelion? Save your jokes for your faces and the way you live your lives!”
“Hah! What are you getting so worked up about? You’re such a child! If you’re going to lead a country, you’ve got to act like an adult!”
Takt seized the moment to provoke the Rival. It’s true—the Rival really is childish.
“You’re all a bunch of low-IQ Trash, yet you act so high and mighty! You guys! You’ve made us miserable! So die! Your deaths will give us a sense of relief, and this world will become a better place!”
“What a load of nonsense! You’re the one who’s been killing the Seven Star Heroes one by one, covering it up, and forcing the innocent people of Shieldfreeden into slave-like hard labor—all while pretending to be some kind of inventor—and now your evil deeds have finally been exposed!”
My father is completely fired up as he snaps back at Takt. Those were some pretty heartfelt words. After all, these are all the atrocities Takt has committed against the people of Shieldfreeden.
“It’s survival of the fittest out there! If you win, no matter what means you use, you’re the boss! Don’t you get it?　You probably don’t. You guys are just childish!”
“Are you really going to use that ‘winning is everything’ argument here? Well, since you lost to Motoyasu, you’d better accept it. And if we’re childish, Takt, then you’re a barbarian! You’re the one who thinks of nothing but killing anyone you don’t like!”
“Say whatever you want! You guys should just be afraid of my power! Look at this sword! And I’ve got more where that came from!”
Takt is proudly showing off not just his sword, but also an axe and a throwing weapon. It seems he gathered them while he was operating undercover.
“Don’t underestimate my power! I… can accumulate the power of every Hero’s weapon I’ve ever held and use it to strengthen my own weapons! I’m in a whole different league from you guys, who only have one weapon each! This time, I’m going to turn you all into a pile of ashes!”
How should I handle this situation? I’d like to kill them as gruesomely as possible, but…
Just then, the wall was smashed open with a loud crash.
“What the—!?”
To our surprise, Zou and Kou burst in.
“Hah!”
“Whoa—!”
“We’ve finished evacuating the other hostages… but…”
Zou and Kou scanned the area and seemed to realize this wasn’t the time for that.
“Ugh… Reinforcements? And it’s Zou—that blockhead! We don’t need trash like you here! Get lost!”
“……”
Zou is looking at Panda with a “What is this guy?” expression, seeking an explanation with his eyes. After catching that look, Panda said with an exasperated tone,
“Apparently, this is Takt—the guy that the Spear Hero was supposed to have killed. He transferred his soul into a homunculus body and made a grand comeback.”
“Ah… I see. He’s quite the arrogant brat who’s gotten way too big for his britches. Kou, you go over to the Shield Hero and the others and protect them.”
“Got it!”
Kou moves quickly to get near us and takes up a defensive stance.
“What did you say! Don’t you dare act all tough for a lowly nobody like you!　As for me! I’ve been storing up power by using multiple Hero’s Weapons—I’ve gotten way stronger!”
Takt is furious after hearing Zou’s comment. He’s the type whose boiling point is impossible to predict.
“Come to think of it, you guys were the Heroes’ aides! And now you’re acting all high and mighty just because you’ve gotten a little stronger!”
“Oh my, you seem quite the master of self-introduction, don’t you? You’re nothing but a kid in every other way, but with that one ability, you could take on the world, couldn’t you?”
“What did you say!?”
Hearing Zou’s provocation—as she’s fully entered “Queen of the Earthquake” mode—Takt’s expression darkens with even more rage than before. His gaze is fixed firmly on Zou.
“He’s the one who wronged us all! I’ll make that shield-and-spear guy taste what I’m feeling! Everyone! Let’s start with this annoying guy first!”
“‘Oink!’”
“King Aultcray, Princess Melty… Excuse me. Lord Iwatani, please protect Her Majesty the Queen, the King, and the Princess.”
Éclair stands up, radiating a murderous aura, and heads toward the panda and the elephant.
“It’ll be fine, Éclair. Could you and Lars-chan buy us a little time?”
“Lord Iwatani, I thank you… I don’t know if I can buy much time, but I’d like to try. The crime of harming Her Majesty the Queen, and those words and actions—I cannot forgive them, either publicly or privately. I swear I will make him pay with his own life!”
Saying that, Éclair went over to the elephant and the panda.
“Whoa, can’t you see this? Spear—you know what’s at stake if you don’t want this broken, right? Do your job properly, you spear guy. If you go easy on the shield like you did before, every egg in the world’s gonna crack!”
Takt is trying to blackmail me using Filolial-sama’s egg as leverage.
“Ugh… That’s a cheap move!”
Filolial-sama is completely innocent! Takt! Why are you using Filolial-sama as a shield when it’s your own misdeeds we’re talking about?!
My blood is boiling, and yet my murderous intent is still surging. I can feel a new curse being unleashed from my spear with a crackling sensation, but I have a promise with Filo-tan. I absolutely will not let the power of a curse stain my hands!
“Hahahaha! I’ve been dying to see that look on your face! How long are you going to keep treating that thing?! There’s no way she’s going to make it! Granny who abandoned her own daughter deserves to die! I went to all that trouble to set things up so you’d be easy to fight, and yet you go and pull this half-assed stunt!”
“Youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!”
Trash is shooting a murderous glare at Takt. But Takt just looks like he couldn’t care less.
Either way, Takt intends to make the most of Filolial-sama’s egg and exploit my loyalty to run amok. Ugh… my stomach’s so full of holes, blood’s…
“…I’ve had enough. Gaelion, I just can’t watch this anymore.”
Just as my Rival said that in a tone that could be interpreted as either anger or calm, he began casting a Magic spell unlike anything I’ve ever seen in this world. His initial target appears to be the pig in the white coat. It also looks like the magic circles reveal his other targets.
“O all collaborators of Gaelion. Obey Gaelion’s call and manifest yourselves, drawing strength from the power of evil.”
“B, Bbuhi!? Buhi!”
“Bbubu!”
The Aotatsu Pig and some pig that looks like a wizard are making all sorts of noises.
“Huh? Are you okay with whatever happens to this egg? The Spear Hero isn’t going to take this lying down!”
Takt ordered me to stop right then and there. Rival! If you’re going to go and mess this up on your own, I’ll take you on!
“Huh? Are you an idiot?　Threatening people by tying an egg to yourself? Take a good, objective look at yourself right now. You look way too pathetic. You’re so lame, so pathetic—pupupu!”
“Ugh… t-that’s exactly your weak spot, isn’t it!”
“That’s why I’m not going to put up with this stupid, annoying blackmail anymore.”
While weaving magic, my rival fixed me with a gaze that radiated an incredibly intense sense of intimidation.
“With Naofumi, the Spear Hero, around, I think the chances of Takt winning are practically zero… but even if you do win, think about what will happen… and brace yourself.”
“W-what do you mean?”
“Takt will undoubtedly sway public opinion to eradicate the Filolials—the creatures you loved. When that happens, even if the Queen of the Filolials intervenes, she won’t be able to stop the tide of human society.”
I suppose Takt and his group intend to win through information warfare. It’s beyond baffling that they think they can turn the tide when their own misdeeds have spread this widely.
But I suppose they truly believe they can do it. In any era, there are always those who’ll side with the winner… It’s lamentable, really. I recall my Father from the first world lamenting that very point as well.
“The victor is always right. Evil Filolials are rampaging all over the world. The truth will be hidden, and if we are defeated, the evil Filolials will be eradicated… The smear campaign portraying Filolials as evil creatures will continue unabated.”
My Rival and my Father speak of a horrifying future. It felt as if every pore in my body—not just my spine—was opening wide.
“If that happens, the Filolials will inevitably face extinction before long.”
“Of course. The very existence of the creatures you love makes me want to vomit! They were disgusting. Every single one of those Filolials was raised in such a weird way!”
“Boo!”
“Kou and the others aren’t weird!”
“To blame your own shortcomings on others… what a petty mindset you have.”
Sakura-chan and Kou raise their voices in protest, while Yuki-chan lets out a sigh of exasperation.
“The reason the Filolial-sama aren’t noble is because you’re not a true hero! I’ll never forgive you for turning the Filolial-sama into what they’ve become!”
“Save your nonsense for when you’re asleep! They’re disgusting creatures either way. I raised you for this plan, but seriously… you’re working so hard even though I’m going to kill all of you later—you’ve got to be kidding me.”
Takt… you’ve just trampled on the trust that Filolial-sama placed in you! I never imagined her anger could reach such a limit.
Uncontrollable feelings of curse are crackling and surging from my spear. X is nothing compared to this. I’ve already reached the point where I can’t think about the consequences anymore…
“Motoyasu-kun…”
My father, who’s tending to the Queen’s wounds, takes my hand. That’s right… Just as Filo-tan saved me back then, and just as Big Sister saved my Father when he was about to be consumed by rage after being eroded by the Curse Shield, my Father in this loop… is trying to hold me back. But… I’ve reached my limit.
“Spear Hero! Listen to me before you’re consumed by rage!”
My Rival shouted at me right then.
“Weigh the extinction of the Filolials against the unborn Filolials right before your eyes and the pitiful, raised Filolials—think about what’s truly important!”
“B-but…!”
My hands are still shaking. That’s right! It’s highly likely that everything Rival said is just a false possibility of the future.
After all, right now, the Filolial-samas are working hard to minimize the damage, and even the great Filolial-samas are doing their best. What do you mean, “eradication of the Filolial-samas”? The Filolial-samas are immortal!
“…As the Dragon Emperor and the King of Monsters, I, Gaelion, the Spear Hero, cannot overlook the unjust persecution of the Filolials currently alive due to Takt’s outrageous actions. That is precisely why I can kill Gaelion later—as many times as I want. So… for now, just keep quiet and tend to the Queen’s wounds.”
……Rival’s gaze held something that struck a chord within me. I could sense no falsehood in his feelings. For Filolial-sama’s sake… Rival was willing to defile himself and bear the guilt… I could feel that resolve.
“Oink!?”
Right then, Yuki-chan—having transformed into Filolial-sama—delivered a roundhouse kick to the charging pig. The impact caused several eggs wrapped around the pig’s body to shatter! It’s Yuki-chan!? That’s right!
“…While I am extremely dissatisfied, I agree with the Dragon’s argument and offer my respect. Lord Motoyasu, I’m sorry, but I’ve decided that Yuki will also be punished! You may scold me as much as you like later… I will atone with my life.”
Ugh… Yuki-chan!　What on earth are you saying!? But… ugh… there’s some truth to what my Rival and Yuki-chan are saying, too. Kuuuuuuu….
“I’m sorry, but I can’t just make the representative of Shieldfreeden and Filolial, the leader of the Spear Heroes, take all the blame.”
“Yes.”
“You’ll pay for your past misdeeds with your very life!”
“Don’t get too cocky, you idiot! Dieeeeeee!”
Takt swings his sword and lunges at Zou, who was leading the charge. However, as Zou planted his foot firmly, a vibration radiated out from him, and with a thud, Takt was sent flying.
“What!? Whoa! But this is nothing!”
Zou grabbed a desk that happened to be lying nearby and hurled it at Takt. With a whoosh, Takt was blown away.
“Oink!?”
The pigs were caught up in the blast and blown away as well.
“Here we go!”
With Takt now isolated, Zou launched a preemptive strike, followed immediately by Panda, who leaped through the air like a dance, using the desk as a foothold to slash at Takt with his claws. With a sharp “Zash,” its claws cleanly sliced into Takt, who was poised in midair.
“Hmm…”
Seizing the momentum, Éclair glided around and unleashed a rapid-fire series of sharp thrusts with her dagger at Takt in midair, sending him flying back into the air once more.
Chapter 929 - Differences in Perception [2019/04/16 10:00]
---
“Guh… Damn it! You went and landed a needlessly heavy blow!”
“Ha! I wonder how long you’ll last!”
“Like I’m gonna take that! Meteor Sword!”
Takt then swung his sword at the panda, who was charging in for the follow-up attack. It looked like he was using one of Ren’s Skills, but the panda leaped over the star and delivered a heel drop to Takt.
“An attack with such half-assed aim is a waste of time!”
“Wh—… I’m not done yet!”
Slammed into the ground with a thud, Takt bounced back up and regained his footing. He switched the throwing weapon in one hand to a dagger, adopting a dual-wielding stance, and quickly closed in on the panda and Éclair, slashing at them. However, both the panda and Éclair anticipated the attack by a hair’s breadth and dodged it.
“Damn it! Hit them! Just a little more! These weapons are hard to use! I should be able to hit them!”
“Don’t blame your own inexperience on your weapons.”
Éclair coldly tripped Takt with her foot, while Panda spun around and slashed at him with her claws.
“Gah! Not yet!”
“Your lunge is too weak.”
Though Takt was down on one knee, he wasn’t giving up just yet. He created some distance, raised his sword, and hurled a dagger.
“Hundred Sword! Air Throw! Second Throw!”
Countless swords and daggers flew toward Éclair and Panda, but… as if in perfect timing, Zou used Magic to pull a boulder from the ground, hurled it at them, and smashed them to pieces.
“See? See? Your one-trick pony long-range attacks won’t get you anywhere, you know?”
“Those are some pretty weak attacks for someone wielding a Hero’s weapon. They’re not even good practice.”
“Don’t get all cocky, youuuu!”
“Hey, you guys! Since we’re here, I’ll show you what a real Zeltoble mercenary fight looks like!”
“‘‘‘Alrighty then! Big Sis!’’’”
At Panda’s call, her subordinates—who had been holding a defensive formation to keep the pigs from attacking us—sprang forward in response.
……Hey. Tiger Guy, why are you getting mixed up in this, too?
Then, just as Panda clapped her hands, she swiftly channeled Magic to make ten bamboo stalks sprout from the ground, closed in on Takt, and kicked him away.
“Gwaah! But this position—”
Just as Takt, who’d been sent flying into the bamboo with a thud, was trying to regain his footing, the bamboo shifted and, like a spring, flung him back toward Panda.
“Did you say something? Well, you seem pretty tough, at least. Then I’ll really start turning up the heat!”
Panda spun around and landed a backfist right on Takt’s face, sending him flying into a different set of bamboo stalks.
“Ughaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?”
Of course, the bamboo flexed and sent him flying back up into the air.
“You guys! Finish him off!”
“You got it!”
“I’m so excited!”
“We’re doing this all for Big Sis and Shield Bon!”
“Pay for the crime of taking Atla and the queens hostage!”
Panda’s werewolf and tiger minions work together to attack Takt from every angle. It’s a mid-air beating, isn’t it? Just as it seemed Takt would be slammed into the ground by Tiger Guy’s aerial intercept, he leaped back, and while Panda was beating him senseless in midair, he threw a Molotov cocktail he’d produced.
“Whoops.”
With a “pop,” the fireball ignited, sending a huge pillar of flame shooting up. With the pillar of flame behind him, Panda rolled his neck as if to relieve a stiff shoulder, looking thoroughly annoyed.
“Gwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!? Hot! Ouch! Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
Takt is screaming right now. Serves you right! Panda! Give ’em more!
“T-that kind of looks like a finishing move, doesn’t it?”
My father, who was treating the Queen, commented on the pandas’ coordinated attack.
“They look like they’re having fun.”
“That ‘Spear Hero’ guy said that if you get involved, it’s okay to grab the target and drag them into it, didn’t he?”
“It seems like it would make things more stable, but it also feels a bit like a joke.”
“Not even complaining… You’re something else, aren’t you?”
Pang and Panda brushed the debris off their hands.
“Bub!”
“Bubhee!”
It looks like Takt’s pig squad is rushing to cast healing and support Magic on him.
“Damn it… Don’t think you’ve won just because of this!　Don’t you think it’s cowardly to outnumber us like this?!”
“Hah! You’re making me laugh. After all that rampaging, you’re calling the guy who went and set the Spear Hero on us a coward? What kind of joke is that?　Or are you planning to say, ‘I’m above that’?”
The panda furrows her brow in annoyance and declares this to Takt. Seeing this, the pigs pick up Filolial-sama’s egg.
“Unfortunately, we’ve decided not to play along with threats involving Filolial-sama’s egg as a hostage. It won’t work!”
“Oink-oink! Oink!”
“Oink-oink-oink!”
Panda’s subordinates began fighting back against the pigs, carefully gauging their distance. Of course, amid the commotion, the hellish sound of Filolial-sama’s egg shattering into a thousand pieces echoed through the air.
Guuuuuuuuuuu… you hear that, youuuuuu! Panda, you better remember this!
But the Rival is entirely to blame for this.
“Shut up! I’m about to go all out now! This is… the power of the champion of the Faubrey Martial Arts Tournament! Haaaaaaa!”
Takt, crouching low, closed in on Panda and swung his sword.
“Don’t you dare forget about me.”
But just then, Éclair stepped in, smoothly parrying the blow with her dagger. As they passed each other, she tripped him, and as Takt fell, she aimed her dagger at him.
“What!?”
“The Faubrey Martial Arts Tournament… I’ve heard it’s one of the world’s premier tournaments, gathering the finest fighters. But… I can tell right from the start. You won with skills like this? That’s completely ridiculous!”
Éclair looks utterly dumbfounded. She seems genuinely repulsed from the bottom of her heart.
“It seems the country of Faubrey is quite obsessed with these games, huh? If someone with skills like this can win the championship, then being the world’s greatest superpower isn’t all that impressive after all.”
Panda let out a sigh.
“Bub-boo!”
At that moment, the pig aimed its gun at the Panda, Éclair, and the Elephant and fired. The Panda, Éclair, and even the Elephant dodged the bullets as if they were nothing, knocking down the ones that seemed headed straight for us as we tended to the wounded.
“Heave-ho!”
“Bub!? Oink!”
The elephant actually picked up one of the pigs like a club, smashed the other pigs with it, and then sent them flying. What a fierce and spectacular blow.
“Boo-boo!”
Three pigs lunged at the massive elephant, but they were once again blown away by the elephant’s signature tackle. Hahaha! How pathetic! They deserve to suffer compound fractures as punishment for cracking Filolial-sama’s egg! And then die in agony! That’s what they deserve.
“D-damn it! What the hell is going on?! If we just take out the Spear Hero, aren’t the rest of them just small fry?!”
“I hate to be honest, but… with your childish antics, unless there’s a huge level difference, even we—before we met the Heroes—could’ve handled you.”
“Hmm.”
“I think you’re underestimating us a bit too much… Haha, don’t even think about moving!”
Zou bound the pig she’d blown away with earth magic, then spat out those words in full “Queen of Drama” mode.
“Hey! This isn’t what we agreed on!”
For some reason, Takt addressed Trash at this point.
“How utterly ridiculous. You weren’t listening to a word I said, were you…? To begin with, this plan involved summoning the spear alone to the Dragon Hourglass… no, even that wouldn’t work, would it?”
I recognized that plan. I believe it was from the next loop in this world. I recall turning Itsuki into a Brionac out of spite, but the next loop was the one where I stayed with my Father and Melromarc. Incidentally, I heard this plan was just some half-baked idea I muttered without thinking during a dinner with the Pope, which he then decided to adopt on his own. Either way, it doesn’t seem like a strategy that Trash actually thought through seriously.
“I’ve told you this countless times. Even if you take Filolial hostage to neutralize and manipulate the Spear Hero, the success rate won’t even reach twenty percent. You lot don’t have enough power right now. You need to gain more strength,” he said.
Trash replied to Takt’s grilling with a look of annoyance. Apparently, this slapdash plan was Takt’s brainchild after all.
“It’s because you’re spouting unrealistic nonsense like ‘you can’t win unless you’re ten times your current level’! What’s with this ‘train for another ten years’ nonsense?!”
“You swore revenge, didn’t you? You said you’d make those bastards suffer hell, didn’t you? Well then, you’ll have to keep sharpening your claws—even if it means coughing up blood or slurping water from the gutter. Without that kind of determination, you won’t beat these guys.”
“Even at ten-to-one odds, we’d barely stand a chance,” Trash muttered.
“Don’t go spouting such laid-back nonsense! We’ve trained hard and powered up—we’re already at Level 500!”
“That’s exactly why I told you to hone your skills for ten years—because you’ll never win at that level. There’s no way we can beat this monster with that level of power!”
Saying that, Trash pointed at me. Father nodded, looking both convinced and impressed. It’s true that we’ve used countless enhancement methods, so even a ten-to-one advantage wouldn’t be enough against a Level 500 opponent.
However, if Level 5,000 Takt and his followers were under the command of Trash… no, the Wise King of Wisdom, it might be dangerous. In other words, it’s because Takt and that pack of pigs acted on their own that Filolial-sama has ended up in this situation! I suppose my Father nodded because of how accurately you called them “Trash.”
“Takt, it seems you’ve been scheming and stockpiling power to defeat the Spear Hero and Naofumi’s group, but we’ve been working on our own plans, too. We took too long—or maybe we acted too soon. We’re half-baked. In other words, at your current level, you’re just small fry that those three knights over there can easily handle. That’s right!”
“Shut up! Don’t go spouting the same nonsense as that old geezer over there!”
“It’s precisely because I’ve been defeated once that I can say this… even enemies grow. The Demon of the Shield possesses the same power as the Spear… even if you seal the Spear, you’ll be counterattacked by the Shield—which holds equal power—and its minions. It seems you, who focused only on the Spear and underestimated the Shield, didn’t realize that.”
In short, Trash had been lying low for over ten years, planning to strike us while we slept. What sheer determination! It’s easy to imagine he was planning to solidify his power base as well. If he’d gone that far, I don’t know what would’ve become of me.
“There was a difference in our perceptions—between me and you lot… but I had it. Whether it be ten years or twenty… even if I were to fall before achieving my goal, I am resolved to carry out my revenge no matter what.”
Those words struck me as quite realistic. In fact, Trash has a history of battling Siltvelt for decades, significantly weakening its power—and, to go further, bringing about the downfall of the Hakuko race. I’m sure he really did have plans like that in mind.
“Ten years? Pfft! I just want to get this over with already!”
“Ten years is nothing compared to those who’ve died! Why can’t you understand that?!”
Trash shouted fiercely, but Takt didn’t seem to grasp it at all.
“You Eggbreaker, you can’t even last half a year! Can’t you? Can’t you?!”
“Is your desire for revenge—for the girl you loved who was killed—really so trivial that you’d try to settle it so easily?”
My Father said, furrowing his brow slightly. I’ll ignore Rival’s provocation. Well, I suppose there’s a difference in patience between ten years and a few months.
“Ten years, I tell you!? Why the hell should I waste my time on a bunch of stupid, childish jerks!? If I take my time, I’ll just miss my chance!”
“In your case, you just couldn’t hold back.”
“Shut up! The folks at Shieldfreeden will be in such a bind without me that they’ll end up dying on their own anyway! Why can’t you understand that?!”
“Neither the Shield nor the Spear are incompetent. They possess such unreasonable power that they’re worshipped as gods! Takt, we intended to slay the gods, didn’t we? To destroy them while still human. It was a path so arduous that even if we devoted our entire lives to it, we couldn’t be sure we’d succeed.”
“That’s exactly why I’m saying I’ll take them down with my own power!”
“…If that’s what it takes to defeat them, then so be it. Whether it takes a thousand, ten thousand, or a hundred million—I’ll come up with as many strategies as it takes. But as things stand now, we’re operating on entirely different levels.”
Unlike Takt, Trash was thinking purely in practical terms, it seems. It’s no small feat to maintain that level of rationality even while your heart is filled with vengeance. Because I’ve decided—right this very moment… no, from this moment on—to brutally slaughter every single Takt in every world. There’s no way I could remain calm while harboring this desire for revenge.
“I thought we’d understand each other—both having had those dear to us taken from us… but that’s over now… Takt, you have no chance of winning. You’d be better off giving up and taking your own life; it’ll be a more peaceful way to go.”
Trash said this dismissively.
“Let me give you one last piece of advice. If you resort to underhanded tactics, you absolutely must win. Because if you lose, a far more gruesome fate awaits you than if you’d simply lost fair and square.”
“Yeah, I suppose so… Yeah, you’re absolutely right.”
My father nodded quietly twice. Of course! I’ll definitely make you suffer like hell. Don’t think you’ll go out as easily as you have before!
“I’ll say it again. If you don’t want to suffer any more, it’s in your best interest to kill yourself quickly.”
“You bastard! Whose side are you on?!”
“No, Aultcray is just giving you this advice as your ally…”
“So that’s it! This is the prelude to despair!”
Soon, my Rival completed his Magic incantation.
“That power is the transformation into a being of darkness, the very essence of arcane magic that slays all—the means to defeat my enemy… The Dragon Emperor, who rules the world, commands! Cast that one into the Abyss…!”
My rival clenched his fist and shouted.
“Dragon Emperor: Curse Transformation!”
“O-o… O-oohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!? Gaa—Gaga… Baa—Ba, Baa!”
The Rival cast Magic on the pig in the white lab coat and the countless other pigs nearby. Suddenly, the pigs began rolling around, and before our very eyes, their forms began to shift… transforming into monsters.
“Don’t make me say it again. Gaelion bears all the responsibility.”
“S-s-stop it, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Don’t you get it?! Spear! Hurry up and stop him!”
“…I… can’t move.”
In my heart, I want to save Filolial-sama’s egg right this very moment. But setting my Rival aside, Yuki-chan has shown such resolve. So at the very least, I must not get in the way! As a token of resistance, I’ll devote myself to treating the Queen.
Ugh… Filolial-sama, please… just this once, please forgive me. I’ll definitely make amends. After Takt shattered Filolial-sama’s egg, he lunged at me with his sword.
“…Housing such a twisted power of the Dragon Emperor within yourself is like asking to be destroyed. In Siltvelt slang, that’s a ‘paper tiger’… Don’t underestimate the Dragon Emperor, you little lizard.”
As if completely ignoring Takt, my rival deftly dodged him and reached out to jab the chest of that pig who hadn’t cast any Magic… the pig who used to be the former representative of Shieldfreeden, if I recall correctly. It seems Takt didn’t even have time to resist Rival’s full-force thrust. This isn’t the kind of blow that leaves a gaping hole like the one Takt dealt to the Queen… it’s an attack designed to rip out his very soul.
“Ooogggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!?”
“Takt, let me tell you something interesting. It seems this guy said he couldn’t revive the personality of your dragon, Raildia, but given the nature of the Dragon Emperor, that’s impossible. If you think you failed to steal the Dragon Emperor’s Core Stone—which hasn’t had its personality overwritten—from Naofumi and the others, then you should understand.”
Takt furrowed his brow at Rival’s words.
“It was this guy who erased Raildia and absorbed her power.”
“What!?”
“The Aotatsu species possesses dragon-like qualities, so they might be able to do a little bit, but they’re just imitations after all. They’re nowhere near the real thing. If you think you’ve become stronger with body modifications of this caliber, it’s an insult to dragons—and to the Dragon Emperor.”
With veins bulging, the Rival took a deep breath and spoke to Takt as if pitying him.
“I’ll tell you this… It was this guy who killed Raildia.”
“N-no way! That can’t be true! Nelshen was close friends with Raildia!”
“Impossible. You don’t understand a thing about a woman who wants to be someone’s number one. If ethics don’t matter, there are plenty of women who’d gladly step on others to get ahead. That’s the kind of woman Nelshen is.”
“Enough with this nonsense! Let Nelshen go!”
“There’s no way I’m letting her go here. This is the collective will of all those who have suffered under Shieldfreeden. As the representative of Shieldfreeden… I’m going to make this one suffer.”
The Rival then sucked in the pig’s soul—which had been dragged out—as naturally as breathing, and swallowed it whole. With a thud, the pig’s body—the representative of Shieldfreeden—collapsed lifelessly to the ground.
“As I thought, even the soul tastes rotten. “Rejoice, Takt. I’ll make your Nelshen suffer eternal torment until it vanishes within Gaelion.”
“O-Ooogggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!?”
The pigs let out a scream at the Rival’s outrageous act.
Chapter 930 - If someone does something to you, do it right back. [2019/04/23 10:00]
---
“Y-youuuuuuuuuuuuuu!”
“But… do I really have time to be mad at Gaelion?”
As Rival gave the signal, the pig—now transformed into a monster—turned toward Takt and began to attack him.
“Hey! Everyone! Pull yourselves together! Hey!”
“Woof woof! Growl! Gaaaaaaah!”
“Ow! Stop it! Hey! Cut it out already! Hey!”
At first, Takt tried to reason with the monsters as they lunged at him, but he must have quickly shown his true colors, because he’s now fighting back with his sword. He’s making a token effort to aim for their legs and such, trying to disable them.
“Takt, it seems you tried to win by taking the Filolial egg hostage from the Spear Hero, but now it’s your turn. Gaelion holds the lives of your women in his hands. Make one wrong move, and the women around you will die.”
“Y-youuuuuu!”
“……As the King of Monsters, Gaelion will use any means necessary to slaughter these vile beings who desecrate the Filolial. Takt, this is what you’ve done. Straight from Wild Naofumi himself: ‘If you get hit, hit back’…!”
“Huh!? Me!?”
At this point, my Father will speak up, saying he’s taken aback.
“Na-nooon”
Don’t be shy, Rival!
“The ‘other me’ that Motoyasu-kun talks about…”
He’s lamenting, but honestly, this is exactly the kind of attack my Father would order his Rival to carry out with a smile… No, wait—I’m sure he’d deny it, of course. As my Rival floats a soft, magical light, the wound inflicted on Takt by the monster pig begins to heal. The monster pig, its wound now healed, lunged at Takt once more.
“I’ll heal a wound this minor so you can keep fighting. Come on, go! Gaelion’s minions!”
As it said this, the monster pig attacked another pig, and Rival used Magic to subdue it.
“Come on, Takt, go kill some other women. Otherwise, this one’s gonna die, too. Yeah, yeah!”
“H-huh? Don’t mess with meeeeeeeeeee!”
Takt roars. Am I messing around? You’re the one who did this to Filolial-sama. Rival… It’s frustrating, but just this once, I’ll give you credit for your tactics. Though I’ll definitely never say that out loud.
“Well then… I’ll spread the rumor that your women were transformed into monstrous beasts by your power and have been wreaking havoc across the world.”
“Boo-boo!”
“Bbuuuu!”
“Ugh… Fine. Everyone, I’m sorry, but this is for the sake of the others. I won’t hold back! Haaaaah!”
After hearing the pigs’ lines, Takt began slicing down the monster pigs that were attacking him.
“Gaa—Oink—Bub—”
Only that last line sounded like a pig, didn’t it? Takt’s face is contorted more than I’ve ever seen before.
Hahaha, serves you right, Takt. Let’s make you suffer some more.
But… what kind of guy is he? His mindset shifts incredibly fast. I couldn’t even move when they took Filolial-sama’s egg hostage, but Takt cut them down with ease. Could it be he actually liked those pigs?!
“Oh my… he’s cutting them down way too easily. Even though I left his subconscious intact, even though he was a monster on the surface. To kill him without even trying to find a way to save him… Do you care that much about your own life? Well, she’s just a trophy wife after all.”
Saying that, Rival fixed Takt with an even more contemptuous gaze.
“It would’ve been better if you’d just been as useless as the Spear Hero. A true hero would’ve put up a bit more of a fight… Well then, Takt, I’m going to have to make you suffer a little longer… You’re going to be so pitiful later on. Because of you, your woman’s soul will be devoured by Gaelion.”
With that, the Rival gathered the soul of the monster pig that Takt had finished off and sucked it into her hand.
“You bastard…!”
Takt, having witnessed this, felt his murderous intent grow even stronger.
“Hmph. Takt, don’t think that just killing those things has solved the problem. Remember… what you lot have done.”
At Rival’s words, Takt snaps back to his senses and looks at the pig he’d killed.
“Grr… Uuuu…”
Then… the dead monster pig swayed to its feet as a “Fresh Beast Zombie” and lunged at Takt. The former representative pig of Shieldfreeden did the same, rising to its feet as well. Ah, as if to deliver the final blow, the Rival placed his hand on the former Shieldfreeden pig, extracted the Dragon Emperor’s Core Stone, and absorbed it.
“This realm has already become Gaelion’s. Come on, dance some more!”
“Ooogggghhhhhh!?”
The pigs started screaming. Oh my, a pig in a monk’s robe is praying to purify them, but it seems utterly powerless against the Rival’s Magical Power.
“Ooogggghhhhhh————Ooooh… Uuuu…”
They were then attacked by the Fresh Beast Zombies and turned into Fresh Zombies themselves.
“Ooogggghhhh!? Ooogggghhhh!”
Seeing this, the rest of the pigs began to flee in panic. On the flip side, isn’t this actually an opportunity?
“This is terrible… I guess they’re supposed to be our allies, but what do you think of that as a knight?”
“I have no sympathy for them.”
“Well, they did what they did, after all.”
“I do think they should have handled it more gracefully.”
Yuki-chan said this to the panda, the Éclair, and the elephant. Those methods are brutal!
“You vile wretch! You’re the true Demon King!”
“It’s quite amusing for you to call what you yourself did ‘the work of a Demon King.’ But you’re absolutely right… depending on the era and location, the Dragon Emperor is also called the Demon King. With Gaelion’s current knowledge, he can even wield the power of the Otherworld. That’s right, that’s right, that’s right!”
With the air of a true champion, the Rival smiled at Takt.
“I’ll never forgive you! I’ll kill you before that ‘Spear Hero Who Can’t Fight’ even gets a chance!”
“Go ahead and try if you think you can. Gaelion, since you’re the Demon King now, face me with courage. If by some chance you show courage, I might even recognize you as a hero.”
The Rival turns his gaze to Yuki-chan, Éclair, Panda, and the others, signaling for them not to intervene. Éclair and the others nodded, seemingly understanding the Rival’s intentions.
“Regardless of your methods, this time I’ll step aside out of respect for your feelings,”
Yuki-chan says, seeming to accept this as well.
“Everyone! Don’t panic! Let’s go!”
Takt, having received support magic from the pig crew, swings his weapon at the Rival. Just like the Pandas did, the Rival dodges Takt’s fierce attack by the skin of his teeth. His movements are actually a bit faster than the Pandas’ were.
“Don’t think you can dodge it like you did before! Starkfaafar!”
Ah, that’s the attack Takt unleashed on me in the previous run. Since he can dodge it, he’s relying on Skills this time…
“No matter what kind of attack it is… I have absolutely no intention of losing to someone like you!　For the sake of the people of this world, I won’t back down! After this, Gaelion has to face the Spear Hero!”
Right after Rival declared that, my father-in-law’s shield glowed brightly, and a beam of light shot toward Rival’s hand. W-wait, I’ve seen this before.
“Really? Well, no matter what, I can’t judge him based on something like this. Ah… so the Claw Spirit is furious too? I get it. Let’s get back at Takt together.”
And there… lo and behold, the Seven Star Weapons—which were supposed to be Filo-tan’s weapons—were now in the Rival’s hand! Could it be that the Claw Spirit has actually hit it off with the Rival!? Of course, the Rival used his claws to slash through whatever was about to burst forth from the ground—that mysterious Skill Takt had unleashed.
“What! For that to appear right here is a golden opportunity! Hand it over!”
“That’s not gonna happen, you know.”
In a flash, the Rival tore off pieces of his own scales and blood and infused them into the Seven Star Weapons of the Claw, forcibly altering its shape to enhance it.
“E-enhancing it in the middle of battle…”
Grrr… That rival of mine. He’s really something!
“Here, take this. This is… the blow you brought upon yourself!”
The claws in his rival’s hand change shape—it’s that skill I’ve seen so many times, even though Filo-tan never used it—and he unleashes it at Takt.
“Varnz Claw!”
A straight-line attack shot from Rival’s hand and pierced right through Takt.
“Gah—!?”
Takt, having been pierced, staggered a few steps before placing a hand over his pierced chest to regain his composure.
“Hah! Too bad for you. An attack like this is meaningless against me now that I’ve got a new body!”
Even as he says this, he’s coughing up blood. It seems the healing delay effect is taking its toll.
“Yeah… My claws wanted to strike back, but the cost is too high.”
After unleashing those skills, my Rival is feeling dizzy. I’d love to make him suffer for the cost, but for now… I’ll hold back.
“That’s how you are, isn’t it! But I’m not the type to—”
“Spiral Claw X”
“Oink—!?”
As if testing it out, my rival fired the same spiral-shaped thrust skill that Filo-tan had used—this time aimed at the pig behind Takt’s right shoulder—and the pig was turned into mincemeat.
You, Rival! You just blew away all of Filolial-sama’s eggs that were wrapped around that pig! I’ll never forget this!
“Wha…”
“What are you so satisfied with, using Skills like that? Are you an idiot? Seven Star Weapons… are used like this. This is the difference in power between an illegitimate possessor like you and one with proper knowledge. Got it? Monkey Mountain Boss. This toy is way too good for scum like you.”
My rival is provoking Takt to the absolute limit. That attitude reminds me of my father. It’s certainly no exaggeration to say he learned it directly from my father in the first world. I even imitate him sometimes myself.
“To begin with, Takt, haven’t you heard the story from the Wise King of Wisdom about the Spear Hero looping?”
“W-well… there’s no way a guy who’s pulling off such a sloppy mess would have a cheat like looping!”
“What did you say!?”
It’s a fact that I’m looping!
“Ah, Takt, knowing you, you probably thought something like, ‘There’s no way someone with a looping ability could have a cheat ability even more powerful than mine! After all, the rest of them were all total pushovers!’ and that’s why you didn’t believe it, isn’t it?”
“W-what, who do you think you are, reading me like that! Don’t just go making assumptions!”
Takt’s stuttering. I hit the nail on the head, didn’t I!
“No matter what you say, it’s a fact. The reason you got slaughtered by the Spear Hero was because you were looping. Besides, did you really think I didn’t know your background? Reincarnator.”
“W-what…”
Takt is looking back and forth between his Rival and me. Looks like he’s finally figured it out.
“H-hell no! That’s… that woman! Are you saying she bestowed it on a guy like this, too?”
“That’s off the mark. The one behind you… has already been taken care of. There’s no hope for him. Well, I won’t deny that the Spear Hero is a total klutz.”
“Rival! If you let him keep talking, he’ll get way too bold! Don’t get too cocky!”
While all this was going on, the Queen’s wounds—which my Father and I had been treating with all our might—finally closed, just barely.
“Cough… cough…”
“Her condition has finally stabilized.”
“Ah, thank you. Mr. Iwatani, Mr. Kitamura, I’m so sorry to have troubled you at a time when the decisive battle is upon us…”
The Queen is thanking us. Then she turns her gaze toward Trash. Trash looked relieved that the Queen had somehow pulled through, then turned his gaze toward us.
He’s angry, and he’s filled with murderous intent. Yet his expression remains calm and composed.
“I harbor a grudge against you lot that’s deep enough to rot. You’re still the ones responsible for Malty’s death. But… for saving Mirellia and Melty… I have no choice but to thank you.”
“Father…”
Her finacée, protected by Sakura-chan, speaks to Trash.
“Since Mother is having trouble speaking, I’ll say it again. Please… could you not set aside your grudge against the Spear Heroes and Shield Heroes? The fault lies with us. What happened to my older sister was her own doing… it would be unfair to hold a grudge against them.”
“…Hmph!”
The Trash said nothing more than that. While cradling the queen protectively, he glanced at me and my Father, then glared at Takt.
“…What are you doing? Go and slaughter that enemy already. I’ll put an end to you lot eventually, but I won’t fight you now. You want to end this quickly before any more damage is done, don’t you? If you’re serious, these guys aren’t even a match for you.”
“…Did you know?”
“Of course. Despite my orders to train harder and wait for the right opportunity, you launched a foolish operation behind my back and, while claiming to have rescued Mirellia and the others, took them hostage instead. I thought you were comrades who shared the same pain, but if you’ve even laid a hand on Mirellia, that’s a different story. I have no obligation to help you.”
I see. So Trash had accurately assessed our true strength after all, but Takt, convinced he could win, acted on his own and committed such a reckless act that it drove Trash to betray us. Furthermore, Trash shook his head repeatedly in sorrow upon seeing the Queen, her Finacée, and the Tiger siblings. It seems he hasn’t been able to come to terms with his emotions yet.
“I understand… but let me ask you just one thing.”
“……”
“If you could foresee all this, you must have known Takt would lose. So why are you here?”
“…It was a hunch. I sensed that misfortune would befall Mirellia and Melty at the hands of Takt and his crew. And my sister’s… no, never mind! In the end, you guys saved me, after all.”
“So you chose your family over revenge? Father… no, Aultcray, we’ll settle this someday. But for now, we’re leaving. Motoyasu… you’re not ready to fight yet, are you?”
“…No, I’m coming too.”
I shook my head at Father’s question. I’m extremely unhappy about this and would rather not do it, but to prevent the worst-case scenario that Rival mentioned from coming true, I’ll stay here… and swallow this bitter pill for the sake of the future Filolial-sama. We stood up and hurried over to where Rival was. Takt clicked his tongue at our arrival, flashing a scheming smile.
“What’s this? Finally got your whole gang together, huh?”
He’s slowly, bit by bit, trying to put some distance between himself and us.
“Hey, Spear… You can’t possibly not know what this is, can you?”
Takt had the pig toss another of Filolial-sama’s eggs to him, and he flaunted it in my face.
“Hurry up and slaughter every last one of them. Otherwise… if I don’t report my victory, my comrades will smash the eggs they’ve secured!”
“…I can’t possibly listen to a piece of trash like you.”
“What did you say?! This isn’t a threat!”
With a loud crash, Takt smashed Filolial-sama’s egg right there on the ground. I’ll make sure to torture you horribly before killing you! If you think you’ll die easily, you’re sorely mistaken!
“Well then… Takt. That’s it for your punching bag session—the one meant to vent the pent-up frustration of the Gaelions who suffered because of your mess.”
“What!? A punching bag!?”
Takt’s eyebrows shot up even higher.
“I’m telling you this out of pity… The methods for strengthening a hero’s weapons can be shared. Your method—where you’re so full of yourself that you think you can unlock a weapon’s true power by stealing it—is something that comes standard. Or did you actually think that applying enhancement methods to Skills and Magic was just a bluff?”
“Wh—”
It’s easy to imagine that no matter how much I listen to Takt, he’ll ultimately act to wipe out Filolial-sama. So… no matter what, I won’t obey him! And… this is what I’m going to do!
I’ve posted a new chapter. Please support me and the warriors of this other world.
Chapter 931 - Retribution [2019/04/30 10:00]
“The representative of Shieldfreeden really stole the show, didn’t he?”
“He certainly had the bearing of a champion. Though his methods were pure evil…”
“I felt that we must once again acknowledge the fact that Lord Gaelion—who is lending us his strength—is a being unlike any human…”
“Can’t you acknowledge a serious knight?”
“To be honest, yes. But… our opponent was even more evil than that. Out of consideration for Lord Kitamura’s feelings, I’ll pretend I didn’t see it. Those who lead others must sometimes possess this level of wickedness… I suppose. That’s what I’ve learned.”
That’s what the pandas are saying, you know.
“Come on, Spear Hero. Do your usual thing.”
“That’s right. Come to think of it… I haven’t done that with Takt yet.”
If I’d known, I wouldn’t have bragged about it, and I’d have said there was a countermeasure. So, I’ll make this Takt scream in humiliation, too.
“The Love Hunter commands. Holy Weapon. Vassal Weapons. Answer the call of the Love Hunter, break free from the bonds of foolish power, and awaken!”
The sword dwelling within Takt’s hand glows brightly. I’ve seen this before, haven’t I?
And my Rival… I targeted your claws as well, but there’s no reaction!
“W-what!? What’s going on!? Guh… My strength is draining away! W-what did you do?!”
The Seven Star Weapons break free from Takt’s hand and float around us. The Sacred Sword soared high into the sky, flying right through the wall.
Oh… Just as Trash said, Ren is alive. I did think that if Takt had shown up from the start, I should’ve done this, but I didn’t have the guts to accept the destruction of Filolial-sama’s egg… so in the end, I probably wouldn’t have been able to do it anyway.
“Huh? Eek!?”
Just then, one of the weapons Takt was holding flew toward Zou! In Zou’s hand… was a Seven Star Weapon designed for throwing.
“This is… hmm…”
In a flash, Zou transformed the Seven Star Weapons into an iron ball and bounced it upward as lightly as a regular ball. Judging from how he’d been throwing rocks and such… he’s certainly skilled enough as a user.
“Whoa… Elmelo, that’s amazing! Throw it, throw it!”
“Got it.”
With a flick of his wrist, Zou complied with Kou’s request and tossed the iron ball, sending it flying with a whoosh. Kou ran off to chase after it.
“The Seven Star Weapons are being treated like toys…”
“Elmelo, for the sake of dignity, you should keep that kind of play to a minimum here.”
“You’re right… Shield Hero, my apologies.”
Leaving that idyllic scene behind, my Father fixed his gaze on Takt.
“Seriously… Your strategy was certainly effective. It was a real struggle for us to deal with it… If you hadn’t shown up, we might still have survived… You’re such an idiot. I feel deeply sorry for you.”
My father addresses Takt with such kind words.
“Aaaaaaaaaaaah! You’re sooooooo annoyingyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy! You guys are all so shallow, aaaaaaaaaah!”
“So whenever something doesn’t go your way, you call the other person shallow, is that it?”
“You cocky shield-wielding jerk! When it comes to villains, you can do whatever you want! We all band together to bring down evil. That’s just how the world works, isn’t it!”
“Ah, that’s right. We all take down evil together. That’s why you’re going to be judged.”
“That’s not right! I’m going to make this a peaceful world, so I’m going to wipe every single one of you show-off losers off the face of the earth! I’ll wipe out every last one of you! All you show-offs like you guys!　If you guys hadn’t even come to this world in the first place, I could’ve made the world peaceful! If only you weren’t here!! I could’ve lived my life happily!! If only you guys weren’t here…!!!”
That’s quite the long rant. My nausea has reached its limit.
“I really can’t see it that way… Because, seeing how the people of Shieldfreeden lived, I don’t think you were making them happy. Because of what you took from them… everyone was miserable. In a sense, it’s equality, but you’ve misunderstood the meaning of freedom. It’s all because of you and Nelshen. You’ve trampled on others way too much for your own happiness.”
“I’ve got plenty of friends! You guys, who can do such terrible things without a second thought, must’ve been bullied in your original world, too. I cherish this world. I love it! You guys need to respect me more! I said respect me! You arrogant bastard!”
Takt is acting like a child, yelling and ranting without listening to his Father! His Father lets out a deep sigh at Takt’s response.
“Motoyasu-kun, don’t you think it’s time to put him out of his misery?”
“Father, I’m sorry, but that’s not an option…”
I just can’t stand it anymore. Not only did this guy turn the Filolial-sama into that state, but he’s also the one who raided the Filolial producers’ ranch.
“As originally planned, I won’t be able to stand it unless I make him suffer horribly first before he gets his comeuppance! That’s right—no matter which loop we go into, I’ll definitely make him suffer and then kill him!”
“Oh, well… Even if Gaelion has made him suffer this much as a token of mercy, the Spear Hero won’t let him off the hook.”
“So it really was Gaelion-chan’s way of showing kindness, after all.”
“That’s right… otherwise, Takt’s future would be just too pitiful. I thought he might forgive me after torturing him this much, but it was impossible. To be honest, the Spear Hero is so single-minded—once he decides on something, he never wavers—so I ended up feeling sorry for him. But… it seems Takt didn’t need that.”
What exactly are you feeling sorry for? As for Takt—who has shattered Filolial-sama’s eggs as many times as there are stars—we will undoubtedly make him suffer horribly, as many times as there are stars, before killing him. We won’t let him die instantly from a Brionac attack again.
“W-What are you planning to do! You’re acting all tough, but you guys are still heroes, aren’t you—albeit flawed ones! Are you even human!? If you were human, you wouldn’t do something like this! You show-off!”
“I am The Love Hunter!”
“Ah… yeah, you shouldn’t think of the Spear Hero as human. There’s no doubt about it—he’s doing things with a straight face that no human could endure.”
“Gaelion-chan, you really shouldn’t say that.”
Even though all of Takt’s weapons have been taken away and the pigs are begging for their lives and trying to surrender, he’s still showing hostility and raising his fist at us. Hahaha, how pathetic. Show us even more of that disgrace!
“I’m strong! That’s why I’m great! So obey me! You show-off! I’ll never forgive you! You’ll stay like this for the rest of your life! A loser forever! I don’t want to live!”
Takt staggered to his feet and lunged at me, but I dodged him with ease.
“Ah… don’t get your hopes up. You definitely won’t make it out alive.”
“First, I’ll shut that pointlessly noisy mouth of yours and take you alive! I’ll make your very soul suffer!　Paralyze Lance X!”
“Agh—!?”
With a thud, I powerfully thrust my spear into Takt, silencing him. It seems his body is that of an enhanced homunculus, but he couldn’t resist my full-power paralyzing attack. Takt twitched a few times, then went numb and stopped moving.
“Now, all that’s left is to completely finish off the stragglers. Make sure to take good care of the Filolials, too.”
“I’ll do that even without you telling me.”
“Mel-chan, it’s finally over, isn’t it?”
Realizing that all the enemies had been defeated, Sakura-chan spoke to her Finacée.
“Well… but what about Father…?”
That Trash is sticking close to the queen, isn’t he? He even looked completely unperturbed as he was being taken away.
“Bububu!”
“Bubhee!?”
The pig, on the other hand, was thrashing about violently. Not only were Éclair and the others holding him down, but the zombie pigs controlled by Rival were also subduing him—so I used my Paralyze Lance to paralyze him and render him unable to fight. That’s how I managed to capture Takt and his group instead of Trash.
Incidentally, I soon realized that Takt had filmed and edited footage of me and my Father fighting using a video crystal, then released it to various nations like Shieldfreeden and Faubrey. It seems he was aiming to restore his standing by publicly declaring me a rotten scoundrel who fights against his fellow Four Holy Heroes. We didn’t hear any of this during the operation, but apparently, in response to the broadcast from the building we’d seized, people from Shieldfreeden were voicing their protests and throwing stones at the castle.
They were saying things like:
“Thanks to our defeat in the war against Siltvelt, we’re now living peaceful and prosperous lives!”
“We won’t be fooled anymore!”
“The former president should take responsibility and burn in hell!”
“Follow the new Divine Dragon!”
Voices like these were so loud that, had we not intervened with our weapons, they would have stormed the building. It’s become a truly appalling country where even our Rival possesses such charisma. We must urgently make this country entirely devoted to Filolial-sama.
“Well… this is the kind of place it is.”
The Rival snapped his fingers, and the pigs—who had turned into zombies—collapsed to the ground as if their strings had been cut.
“Well then…”
Saying that, the Rival moved a short distance away from the crowd, turned toward me, and beckoned, as if to say, “Come at me anytime.”
“Come on, Spear Hero. It’s Gaelion’s turn to pay the price with his life. Kill Gaelion as many times as you like. Just keep killing him—for every Filolial who never got to be born—until you’ve vented your frustration.”
Rival’s attitude sounds a bit dismissive, doesn’t it? But he’s staring straight at me, determined to fulfill his responsibility to the very end.
“Gaelion-chan, this incident isn’t solely your responsibility—”
Father is objecting to Rival’s argument.
“Motoyasu-sama… Yuki is also at fault in this matter. If you’re going to punish anyone, please punish Yuki as well.”
“What on earth are you saying, Yuki-chan?”
“Lord Motoyasu, I… am deeply dissatisfied, but I found the dragon’s actions to be noble. Therefore, for the sake of Filolial’s pride, I took matters into my own hands. I am fully prepared to accept my punishment.”
With her chest held high, Yuki-chan says she has no regrets about destroying the Filolial-sama’s eggs herself—what kind of expression should I make in response?
“Come to think of it, that applies to us, too.”
“That’s true…”
“But… if we’d left things as they were, it wouldn’t have ended well. I don’t think I was wrong either.”
Even Éclair and the others, including Panda, share that opinion. Ugh… During this battle with Takt—including that Trash—I was held hostage by Filolial-sama’s eggs and couldn’t do a thing. It’s an undeniable fact that things worked out for the best only because Rival boldly declared he’d take responsibility. And it seems he truly intends to shoulder that responsibility.
“Motoyasu-kun… sure, those Filolial eggs might have been more important to you than your own life. But still…”
“Father, you don’t need to say any more.”
I’ll calm down my father, who’s looking at me with a troubled expression, clearly trying to persuade me somehow. I get it. I really do.
“Rival, this is a one-time thing. Just this once, I’ll… put up with your reckless actions.”
It’s a hard fact to deny that if I hadn’t, I would’ve been completely taken advantage of by Takt. After all, I could sense that there was no mistake in Rival’s argument.
If—if my Father and I had truly been defeated, Takt would have wiped out Filolial-sama. Takt said so himself, after all.
“It’s all Takt’s fault. I’ll let it be that! But don’t you ever forget the sins you’ve committed!”
Filolial-sama is also a monster, and he spoke of her as their king… Even if it was a lie, my Rival acted for the sake of the remaining Filolial-sama—he protected her. Even if the great Filolial-sama still existed and Takt had been unable to eradicate him, there’s no doubt that Rival’s actions stemmed from his concern for Filolial-sama.
Since Rival—a dragon—showed such resolve in the face of Filolial-sama, I must adopt a fitting attitude as well. Otherwise, I won’t be able to face Yuki-chan or the others.
“Father, is this all right?”
“Motoyasu… Yeah. I think that’s for the best. Takt’s methods were just too cruel.”
This grudge should be directed at Takt, our true enemy! If we let that bastard Takt slip away carelessly, he’ll pull stunts like this. From now on, I’ll make you suffer horribly before I kill you, Takt! That’s what I resolved in my heart.
“So, Yuki-chan, you don’t need to worry about it. You did a great job… taking care of what I should have done myself. I’m sorry I had to put you through such a difficult ordeal.”
“Motoyasu-sama!”
Yuki-chan’s expression lit up with joy at my words, and she threw her arms around me. I gently held her close, sharing her sorrow. After spending a little while like that, I set her down.
“Gaelion-chan’s Magic… that was incredible, wasn’t it?”
“Right! I’m going to teach Naofumi, too!”
“Well… I’d rather you spare me that one, actually.”
“Naofumi probably wouldn’t have any offensive capabilities, but since he’s a hero, he’d be useful in some way… right? It looks like it might need a little tweaking. It seems like it’d work with that weapon over there, but this hero’s weapon has so many annoying restrictions—”
It seems my Rival is muttering to herself as she runs some calculations. It looks like she can’t adjust it right away. Just then, my Rival gives me a look that says she’s underestimating me.
“Spear Hero. I could teach you, too.”
“I don’t need it!”
“Don’t you want to weave magic by gathering the power of the Filolials? Don’t you?”
Ugh… He’s tempting me with such sweet words!
“You Demon King! I say!”
“Is that so? I’ll be waiting for you anytime!”
“Anyway, right now our top priority is protecting the Filolial-samas who’ve been affected by Takt, even if only slightly! I’ve heard reports that Filolial-samas are still running amok in various places! Yuki-chan! Make sure you see this through!”
“Yes, ma’am! Well then, let’s go! Kou, Sakura!”
“Got it!”
“I’ll head out after I drop off Mel-chan and the others.”
And so, putting Rival’s transgressions aside, we set out to quell the ensuing chaos. Of course, dealing with the remnants of Takt went smoothly. We were also able to fully liberate Shieldfreeden Castle.
Thanks to Trash’s testimony, we were able to capture the remaining Takt members who had been in hiding. I hear we’ve recovered most of the missing assets as well. Apparently, they were being transported by submarines and the like. There was even a scene where my Rival and I dove in like sharks to capture them.
Chapter 932 - The Light and Darkness of the Spear Hero [2019/05/07 10:00]
Then, based on Trash’s testimony, we set out to rescue Ren. Apparently, Ren had been forcibly transferred from Seven Island to a research facility near Melromarc.
Why was Ren, who had been stripped of the Four Holy Swords, kept alive? It seems it was all part of the plan Takt and the others were going to carry out after they’d taken us down.
“Ugh… Where am I…?”
Ren, who had been lying in a bed at the infirmary, regained consciousness and turned his face toward us.
“Are you okay, Ren?”
“That face… Ah, it’s Naofumi. It’s been a while since that day… Long time no see.”
“Yeah…”
Ren looks at me.
“Motoyasu is here too? So… does that mean I was rescued?”
As usual, Ren seems to have immediately grasped his situation. He must have been aware that he’d been held captive by Takt.
“That’s right.”
“Yeah… the sword that was taken from you is back in your hands, too.”
“I see…”
Ren raised his hand, seemingly relieved that the sword was back in his possession, but when he looked at that hand, his expression turned grim. And no wonder.
“This hand…”
“Yeah… It’s all because of Takt and his remnants. I’m sorry… for dragging you into our mess.”
That’s right. Ren, who had his sword stolen by Takt, was nearly killed by him—though thanks to Trash’s suggestion, he was somehow captured alive—but he ended up being turned into a test subject for the White-Coated Pigs.
Unable to activate the sword’s protective barrier because the sword was gone… his body was tampered with. Right now, Ren has distorted, Filolial-sama-like wings sprouting from his back, and what appear to be bird-like corrosive marks remain on his limbs.
“No… I’m partly to blame for letting myself get captured so easily…”
Ren seems to be responding while still in a dazed state.
“I know it’s hard, but I’ll ask someone who knows this kind of technology to fix you… For now, I want you to rest your body as much as you can.”
“…Thank you. Later… let’s talk again. I want to hear the details, and it seems we’ll have to work together on what comes next.”
“Yeah…”
And with that, Ren quietly drifted off to sleep.
Upon questioning Takt and his remaining followers, it seems they had planned to send Ren—who had been infected by the Filolial—to the Melromarc region, where people were likely to know him, to have him run amok there. Their intention was to use this to portray the Filolial as an evil monster capable of corrupting and tormenting even a Hero. And it seems Takt intended to encounter Ren, defeat him, and then, by having Ren—who had barely regained his human consciousness—hand over the Sacred Weapon, take his place as the Sword Hero.
Even though he’d already stolen the sword, mind you. That’s just too blatant.
“Take Ren to Rat-san’s place…”
At Father’s words, the healer nodded, and it was decided that Ren would be transported to Faubrey. Takt’s plan is riddled with countless flaws—and is utterly appalling.
---
And the mop-up of Takt’s remnants continues.
“Boo-boo-boo!”
“It’s too late now! Serves you right! May you all suffer in hell and die!”
And so… just as we were about to capture those Takt remnants—those pigs—reset their levels, and take them away… we came across a scene where members of the Takt Victims’ Association were hurling insults at the swine.
Ah, of course, it also had the air of a public execution, and passersby were throwing stones at those Takt remnants. Given the global upheaval caused by the Takt remnants, no one is condemning the act of throwing stones.
That’s only natural. They horribly modified Filolial-sama and made her attack the entire world. Above all, they murdered countless Seven-Star Heroes. There’s no way the anger of the people who learned of this could subside so easily.
“Bububuhi!?”
“Bububububu! Boo-boo!”
“Bubububuhi-bu!”
Even after being pelted with stones, those pigs are still saying something to the victims’ association. Well, it’s probably just more nonsense anyway.
“Huh? What are you even talking about now!　You lot had a field day at Takt’s place, didn’t you! Do you have any idea how I felt?! Die in agony! King Faubrey is just what you deserve!”
The man who told us that Takt’s remnants were hiding out on Seven Island is cursing at the two pigs while making a hand gesture of contempt. Those are his ex-wife and ex-daughter, aren’t they? Unfortunately, I can’t tell them apart from the other pigs.
“Wow… to be able to say something like that in that state… I can see why he’s angry.”
“What did they say, exactly?”
“Oh, yeah. ‘We’re victims who were deceived! Otherwise, Takt told us he’d kill you! Look, if you just bow your head, we can go back to our old lives, so hurry up and save us!’ That’s what the ex-wife said, and the daughter followed up with, ‘Daddy! You’re still my only daddy! We didn’t do anything wrong!’ And she’s saying this even though it’s been confirmed that she was actively working alongside the perpetrators.”
“There’s no hope for them. Without a doubt… they’re pigs that make me want to vomit.”
We’d better ship them off to Faubrey’s pig farm as soon as possible. That would also be for the sake of those who suffered at Takt’s hands.
…Now I can understand how they feel. The resentment of the Filolial-sama who were killed before they were even born… there’s no way they could ever forgive Takt. Though they’re of a different kind, they harbor a similar rage.
I’ll approach the male victim and speak to him.
“Ah! It’s the Spear Hero! Thank you so much for catching these guys! We’re feeling so relieved!”
“I’m glad to hear that. So, what should we do with these guys? Should we slaughter them right here? I’ll do whatever you want.”
“Ooogggghhhhhh!? Oink oink!? Oooggg!”
“Oink oink! Ooooggg!”
After two pigs let out cries of fear, the one that looked like a young pig seemed to wink at me in a strange pose. Instantly, the male victim’s face twisted in disgust.
“No… I wouldn’t be satisfied if I killed them right away. I have to make them suffer properly… don’t you think? Spear Hero, you mustn’t listen to what these creatures are saying.”
“Rest assured. I don’t even know what they’re saying anyway.”
At my reply, the male victim let out a sigh of relief, while the pigs are oinking away and spraying drool in my direction. Shut up—you’re going to get me dirty!
“More importantly, since everyone from the Victims’ Association is gathered here, this is perfect timing. I wanted to have a little chat with you all.”
“Wh—what is it, Hero?”
“During this commotion, Takt—who had been dead—reappeared thanks to some astonishing technology, and we managed to capture him alive.”
“Yes, I’ve heard about that. What an eerie guy. I thought it was for the best that the heroes put him in his place… but what’s this all about?”
“Don’t you get it? I absolutely cannot forgive what Takt did this time, and I’ve sworn to make him pay for it.”
As soon as I said that, the victim seemed to realize something. After all, it’s common knowledge that I love Filolial-sama. Furthermore, this victim surely understands what Takt was doing to Filolial-sama. The victim’s expression was a mix of sympathy and confusion. So I said:
“Regarding that matter, I’d like to ask if you lot also want to help make Takt pay for what he’s done.”
“W-well… Absolutely!”
“Me too!”
“Please count me in!”
“We can get our revenge!”
“We can make that guy suffer even more!”
“This means we’ll be able to… greet tomorrow morning!”
The victims come bustling over to me, all chattering away. That’s right… we have to make Takt and his pig-like cronies suffer miserably before we kill them. Our revenge has only just begun.
Heh heh heh… Ha ha ha ha ha! Anyone who holds a grudge against Takt, follow my lead!
“Naofumi, aren’t you going to join them over there?”
“Uh… I think I’ll pass. I’d probably end up having nightmares or something.”
“The ‘Wild’ Naofumi would probably be happy to join in.”
“As for the ‘me’ from another world, that’s one thing, but I’d rather pass on this one.”
My Father and Rival are saying all sorts of things, but this is a done deal. Then, to ensure that Takt and his pig-like minions received their just deserts, we consulted with King Faubrey and proceeded to torture and execute them.
Along the way, some of the victims did end up backing out… but we made Takt taste the hell of this world; even after that, we didn’t just kill him—we broke his spirit, tormented him, and then killed him in the most gruesome way possible. My father, who’d only seen the written report of the proceedings, furrowed his brow, but he couldn’t back down.
“We haven’t killed him enough yet. When the loop restarts, I’ll have to kill him in a gruesome way again! I won’t just kill him off easily!”
“A-are you still not satisfied after punishing him this much…? What he did was absolutely terrible, but… I can’t help but feel a little sorry for him.”
“How should I put it… Takt ended up being hated by exactly the kind of person he shouldn’t have.”
“That’s certainly true. Earning the hatred of someone with the Loop ability… Still, if you knew what Takt had been doing, you’d probably end up sympathizing with Motoyasu-kun, wouldn’t you?”
“As a case of reaping what he sowed, Takt will have to keep paying the price from now on.”
“I hope that every Takt who meets Motoyasu from now on will find a peaceful end,”
my Father says, offering some sort of prayer. You really should rein in that kindness a bit, Father! Ah, what a merciful father he is.
In any case, and so the turmoil caused by the remnants—including Takt—began to subside. Shieldfreeden was also able to obtain permission to use a portion of the assets confiscated from Takt toward compensation. …Though they’re not happy about it, they’ve begun to gradually recover under Rival’s management. It seems the groundwork for paying the full compensation has largely been laid.
All that remains… are the Filolial-sama who had been raised by Takt and his pig-like minions.
After capturing them, stripping Takt and the pigs of their rights to the monster crests, and setting them free, Yuki-chan and I took care of them in various ways. Immediately after their capture, the Filolial-sama still trusted their masters—the Pigs and Takt—as their “owners,” but I was told they had gradually come to realize that Takt and his cronies didn’t truly care for them; instead, they were being used as tools for revenge, forced to run amok, and ultimately intended to be killed. I heard this heart-wrenching story through Yuki-chan.
But those worries are now a thing of the past. After all, I will treat Filolial-sama—who was warped by Takt—with all the love I can muster.
And so, I continued to care for Filolial-sama and the others in this way. As I became their new master and looked after them, the warped Filolial-samas gradually returned to being normal Queens and Kings, and more and more of them began to take on the form of angels. According to my Father, they’ve been gradually opening their hearts after being touched by kindness.
As for how the world views Filolial-sama, while there was some confusion due to this recent upheaval, things worked out thanks to my Father and the others declaring to the world that Takt was entirely to blame. It seems their credibility was further bolstered by the fact that Filolials—who serve under the great Filolial-sama—were protecting people all over the country. Truly… this was the most terrifying incident of all the loops so far.
As part of my job, my responsibilities for caring for the Filolial-sama have increased in this way. In any case, I feel every day that the world is gradually moving in a positive direction.
---
It was on such a peaceful morning. After finishing breakfast, I was sitting alone with my Father on the terrace in Siltvelt, gazing out at the townscape.
“I suppose the only major problem for the time being is the waves now, isn’t it?”
“From what I recall, that’s correct.”
Ren’s treatment has made significant progress, and it seems he’s recovered enough to return to duty in the near future. We’ll have to have a serious talk with him then. Well, it’s anyone’s guess how much of what we say Ren will actually listen to. That said, since he lost to Takt, he’ll probably listen to us to some extent.
As for Trash, according to the Queen and her Finacée, he’s been keeping a low profile. The Queen, her Finacée, and even Rival all said that saving the Queen’s life made a big difference. We still need to be on guard—you never know when he might stab us in the back—but I hear he’s been having various conversations with the Tiger Girl as well.
Since that incident the other day, Sakura-chan has been visiting her Finacée more often.
By the way, Panda was chosen as one of the Seven Holy Heroes of the Hammer. After overcoming his grandfather’s grueling training and inheriting the large pipe, he obtained the title the moment he touched the Seven Holy Weapons of the Hammer.
Since the Claw and the Hammer—two of the Seven Holy Weapons—are often used in the kingdoms of Demi-Humans and Beastmen, it’s said that Siltvelt takes great pride in having a bearer of these weapons among its own. Including Zou, our standing is becoming increasingly solid.
“According to Motoyasu, the day when that crisis is resolved is drawing near… It’s been a very busy time, but I finally feel like I can see the light at the end of the tunnel.”
“Indeed.”
Since this was early in one of our previous loops, we faced various difficulties, but we’ve managed to sort them out. I suppose we can breathe a sigh of relief for now.
Chapter 933 - What Happened While I Was Asleep [2019/05/14 10:00]
---
Just as I was lost in these deep thoughts, my Father said with a worried look on his face:
“…If world peace were to come, would Motoyasu-kun end up looping back to somewhere else again?”
“Unfortunately, I’m not quite sure about that.”
After all, if I were to enjoy those peaceful days to the fullest, I’d end up looping back before I even realized it.
“I wonder why Motoyasu-kun is looping again.”
“That’s a mystery even to me.”
Come to think of it, I don’t feel like I’ll ever solve the mystery of why I’m looping. However, Big Sister mentioned before that I’m looping because of my desire to see Filo-tan. There must be some reason for it, but I’ll just stay true to my love.
“My Father in this world gave me all sorts of advice the last time I looped, didn’t he?”
“That brings back memories… I think I hurriedly asked him for all sorts of things because I knew I’d end up looping again.”
His advice was that it would be best to follow the path of the first world. …Come to think of it, Father’s advice in this world was spot-on. After all, I wanted to see Filo-tan. If I’d understood what Father said more clearly, I wouldn’t have done anything to upset Big Sister, and I would’ve been able to reunite with Filo-tan.
“…Maybe Motoyasu-kun will end up looping back to some other world again. I suppose you’ll come to my aid in that parallel world when I’m in trouble, won’t you?”
“Of course. For this Motoyasu, helping my Father is my mission, after all.”
It’s a promise I made to Filo-tan. We must bring true peace to the world, after all.
“Haha, the next version of me in trouble… It makes me feel a little lonely, somehow.”
“There’s no need to feel lonely. I’m always right here with you, Father.”
“I see… I guess so.”
Saying that, Father leaned back on the terrace with a slightly wistful look as he gazed out at the townscape.
“Naofumi! I’m home!”
My rival landed in the garden in dragon form, flying in from above Siltvelt. Just when the mood was setting in, here comes an interruption.
“Welcome back, Gaelion. You were going to see Wyndia, weren’t you?”
“That’s right. While I was there, I dropped off my little brother for my big sister.”
The “little brother” my rival is referring to is a dragon from the first world who shares the same name as him. Apparently, my rival tracked him down by visiting the market and various other places. The story goes that she took this male rival—her own younger brother—to her parents’ house to be looked after by her family’s Assistant.
“This should really cheer up my big sister.”
“Well… I’m not so sure about that. Anyway, how was Wyndia?”
“It seemed like she’d made up with Dad. Also, once the world becomes much more peaceful, Gaelion will officially become her guardian, and she’ll come here to learn about society.”
“That’s great to hear.”
“It is~. Well then, Naofumi, it’s almost time for the meeting. Let’s get ready to leave.”
“I know.”
“I’ll be waiting, then~”
With that, the Rival took human form in the garden and walked into the castle. She sure is a rowdy one.
“I wasn’t sure what would happen with Shieldfreeden when I first went to inspect it… but really, thanks to Gaelion-chan’s hard work, we’ve been saved in so many ways.”
“…I take issue with that, but you’re right.”
Shieldfreeden is now well on its way to recovery, with that guy leading the charge. I heard the other day that even the nobles who had believed in Takt’s restoration have now raised the white flag and donated their accumulated wealth. Since the events are organized by him, the shows performed by Filolial-sama are also very well-received. This is a fact, I assure you.
“It’s amazing, isn’t it, Gaelion-chan… I don’t think I could ever have done that.”
“You’re overestimating me.”
He’s a dragon, after all.
“…Gaelion-chan, you can travel through various worlds with Motoyasu-kun, right?”
“That’s right. He’s a parasite that lives off my spear.”
Just thinking about it makes me sick. Why must I have to loop with a creature like that? In this next loop, I must do my best to stay as far away from the dragon’s egg as possible. I must prove that he’s unnecessary.
“Now, now… Motoyasu, I think you’d feel better if you accepted Gaelion-chan just a little. After all… she’s a companion you’re looping with, isn’t she?”
“If I’m going to loop with someone, I’d rather it be Filo-tan.”
Why do I have to keep looping with that creature over and over again?! She’s a sexual-harassment dragon who’s constantly after my Father. It’s about time she just disappeared!
“Hmm…”
My Father is giving a wry smile at my response.
“I actually think Gaelion-chan’s a nice person, though…”
“Father, don’t let him fool you. He’s definitely up to something.”
It’s important to stay on guard. Well, in this world, Father has already lost his virginity—which is what that guy is after—so there’s no need to be that cautious.
“Oops, I’d better get going soon. I’ll get to talk to Gaelion-chan today, and I’ll see if I can get along a little better with Motoyasu-kun.”
“Like oil and water—even you, Father, must know that’s impossible.”
“Ahaha… Just wait and see. Motoyasu-kun was taking care of the Filolials that Takt raised again today, wasn’t he?”
“That’s right. I hope his emotional wounds heal soon…”
“I think that side of Motoyasu is admirable. Well, I’m off then.”
And so, Father led the pandas and set off with his Rival to attend meetings with Melromarc and the leaders of various nations. Apparently, there were matters to be dealt with regarding the Trash’s misdeeds.
It seems the Wise King of Wisdom was present at that meeting because Takt had been forced to take the queen and her Finacée hostage and threatened him into being there to defeat us. Of course, the Siltvelt side is well aware that this is a lie, but thanks to my Father and Rival’s intercession, it seems they decided to let it slide. That said, it seems the Siltvelt side decided to back down for reasons such as the fact that even if they pressed the issue, it would be difficult to pursue it if the kidnapped queen herself testified to the contrary.
To the public, it appears the Wise King of Wisdom had his family held hostage and secretly cooperated with us to defeat Takt. It’s a messy political game.
Well, let’s make sure that Trash gets his comeuppance eventually. Heh heh heh… After all, I have that tool—one I might use someday…
With such thoughts in mind, I went to sleep.
---
……
…………
………………
---
As I lay in bed and my consciousness began to fade… I heard someone’s voice in my dreams.
“Spear Hero, Spear Hero… Can you hear my voice?”
Who could it be? I feel like I’ve heard that voice before. A woman’s voice… There are only a few women who can tell that I’m not a pig or Filolial-sama. But it’s not Éclair’s voice, nor is it my Big Sister’s. Who on earth could it be?
“It’s me. I’m Atla.”
Oh, so it’s the Tiger Girl. But why would the Tiger Girl appear in my dreams?
“I’ve come this time because I have a favor to ask.”
I see. A favor, you say? In the first world, the Tiger Girl owes a debt of gratitude to the Phoenix for risking her life to protect her Father and Filolial-sama. If there’s anything I can do, I’ll make it happen.
“Well then, I’d like you to make sure that when we loop again, I’ll take Raphtalia’s place.”
Hmm. Well, I suppose it’s not impossible… but I have a feeling the Big Sister from the first world might get mad at me again.
“It’s okay. You don’t need to worry about Raphtalia at all.”
Hmm… You’re right! It’s true Big Sister can be strict at times, but she’s actually a very kind person. I’m sure she’ll forgive us even if Father and the tiger girl end up together and are all lovey-dovey.
Understood. If the opportunity arises, I’ll make sure the tiger girl and Father become a couple.
“In that case, I’ll leave it to you.”
After I heard that voice, everything fell silent. I slept soundly.
――However, it wasn’t until the very next day that I learned an unbelievable incident had occurred…
---
The next day, still groggy from a strange dream, I met up with my Father and the others. Then…
"Ah, I'm just telling it like it happened! Gaelion was planning to win Naofumi over, but before he knew it, he was the one who'd been won over. I, I know you probably don't understand what I'm saying, but even Gaelion doesn't know how this happened... I feel like I'm going crazy!"
My rival is muttering that under his breath at the breakfast table in Siltvelt, looking completely dazed. Sitting next to him, my Father looks troubled, as if trying to calm him down. Panda, Éclair, and Zou are also looking at my dazed rival with puzzled expressions. What on earth is going on?
“Ah, Spear Hero!”
Rival noticed I was nearby, looked up, and rushed over with a look of panic I’d never seen on his face before.
“What is it?”
“I’ll tell you exactly what happened! Gaelion was planning to win Naofumi over, but before he knew it, he’d been the one won over. I, I know you probably don’t understand what I’m saying, but even Gaelion doesn’t know how this happened… I feel like I’m going to lose my mind!”
My Rival repeated the same thing as before. He’s saying something that doesn’t make much sense. It’s only natural that my Father has already been “conquered.” After all, Panda has already taken my Father’s virginity.
“Ugh… Gaelion’s been saying nothing but that for a while now.”
Sakura-chan, looking troubled, explains the situation to me.
“Gaelion-chan, just like with that ‘trophy wife’ thing, where did you even learn lines like that?”
“The Bow Hero from the First World said it as a joke!”
“Itsuki… he really was a funny guy. If he were still alive, I’d love to talk to him.”
My father says this with a distant look in his eyes.
“What on earth is going on? I haven’t the faintest idea.”
Yuki-chan, who came with us, and Kou, who’s with Zou, are both tilting their heads in confusion. My Rival doesn’t look entirely unlike she’s on the verge of a hysterical fit.
This is that, isn’t it? As far as I can remember… it’s similar to my Rival’s reaction after she figured out that Big Sister and Father had spent a fun night together. She’s probably just in shock because something truly shocking happened involving her Father.
“If she’s about to lose her mind, wouldn’t it be better if she just died?”
“I think Motoyasu-kun should go along with Gaelion-chan’s story a little more…”
“No, I’m telling it exactly as it happened! Gaelion was trying to win Naofumi over, but before she knew it, she’d been the one won over. I know you probably don’t understand what I’m saying, but even Gaelion doesn’t know how this happened… I feel like I’m going to lose my mind!”
“So calm down, will you!”
“I can’t possibly stay calm! Gaelion doesn’t really understand why this is happening either!?”
“Even though Gaelion-chan wanted this herself…”
At Father’s remark, Rival’s face turned bright red, and she shook her head. Eventually, coming to her senses, she said to me:
“Spear Hero, Gaelion and the others might have been terribly mistaken! I’m absolutely certain of this! It’s the truth!”
“So what’s your point?! You’re being way too familiar—it’s creepy, so back off!”
I shoved the rival away as he closed in on me and turned my face toward my Father. My father looks utterly exasperated.
“Hold on a second. Rival—I mean, you—what exactly did you do!?”
“I’ll tell you exactly what happened! Gaelion was trying to win Naofumi over, but before he knew it, he’d been the one won over. I-I know you probably don’t understand what I’m saying, but even Gaelion doesn’t know how this happened… I feel like I’m going crazy!”
“That’s exactly what I asked! Give me a proper answer!”
“Sooo—! For some reason, Gaelion was sleeping with Naofumi!”
“Why, you ask…? Did you hate it that much?”
At Father’s words, the Rival instinctively gave a thumbs-up in response.
“I don’t hate it! I’m happy my long-cherished wish came true! But that’s a separate issue—I’m just constantly surprised by the gap between my imagination and reality!”
“This sounds like a complicated problem.”
“Aren’t you just making it complicated on your own?”
“Could you at least explain it step by step? Well… just as much as you’re comfortable sharing. It sounds like it might be a sexual topic, though.”
Rival nodded at Éclair’s words.
“Last night, Gaelion… Naofumi and I were having a drink and talking about all sorts of things. At one point, Gaelion got a little tipsy, and I thought I saw a vision where his dreams and reality got all mixed up. But when I woke up this morning, everything was exactly the same as in the dream, and I just can’t wrap my head around it.”
……? What on earth is this guy talking about? Does that mean… that’s exactly what happened!?
“What’s the matter? Are you just complaining that things turned out exactly as expected after that? Don’t give me a shock like that.”
“Pandaaaaaaa! Hold on a second! Did you actually witness your Rival and your Father sleeping together!?”
Your job is to protect your Father from your Rival, so why on earth did you just let that happen!? Since Sakura-chan visits her Finacée often, you have to keep a tight watch on her!
“Well, even if you say that… since the Shield Hero is on board with it, I’m not going to get in the way.”
“To begin with… Gaelion insisted she wasn’t drunk… and since she invited me over in such a romantic mood, I just went along with it and ended up sleeping with her…”
“Gaelion, whenever you do this kind of thing with Naofumi, I thought you assumed Naofumi—who can’t say no—would reluctantly go along with it, almost as if he were being half-forced by you. I’m giving back my title as the ‘Predator of Love.’ I ended up being the one who got preyed upon.”
Gwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!? My Father’s been cuckolded! He’s been cuckolded! It’s an NTR!
“Gaelion-chan, your self-esteem is ridiculously low… Just how long have I been neglecting you, to the point where things have gotten this messed up?”
“Why on earth are you, Father, trying to win over my Rival!?”
You were supposed to be fending off the Rival’s fierce attacks—charging head-on at the Rival with everything you’ve got is completely missing the point!
“No, I just realized I like Gaelion-chan because she’s reliable and works so hard for me, and she said she’s okay with it too… or rather, a ‘Predator of Love’…”
“No… well, this is Gaelion’s own problem. It’s just that the unattainable beauty came down from her pedestal of her own accord, leaving me a bit taken aback—so Naofumi isn’t at fault at all.”
Why is the Rival fidgeting and acting all shy around my Father like that!?
H-haha… It’s all right. My Father was just playing around with the Rival. I suppose it’s meant as a small reward for Rival, who at least tried his best. Still, I think he went a bit too far.
“Rival, you’d better admit right now that Father isn’t a virgin anymore. He’s already ‘graduated’ with a panda… Having done it once is like getting bitten by a mosquito. Don’t take it seriously. And I won’t allow you to go after virgins.”
“Wait, what the hell are you talking about!?”
“I don’t know what you’re getting the wrong idea about, but I’d appreciate it if you didn’t act like you did this on your own.”
What!? Seriously!?
“Panda! Don’t tell me… you haven’t taken my Father’s virginity yet!?”
“Could you please stop going on and on about ‘virginity’!?”
“That’s exactly why! Even Gaelion is surprised! Figure it out!”
W-What the hell!?
“Could it be that my Father… actually gave his virginity to a Rival!?”
“Eh… uh… yeah. Gaelion-chan is really charming and dependable, you know. I thought she’d be a good choice for my first time… and she said she wanted to sleep with me too…”
“There’s no doubt that was my true feeling, so Naofumi, you don’t need to worry about it!　Rather, I was just planning to make my move on Naofumi—once the world, which was on the brink of collapse because things had gotten hopelessly tangled and I was making a move on him, had finally returned to peace—since he’d be in a position where he couldn’t possibly refuse.”
“Even if you’re spilling the beans about your true feelings now… does that mean I’d have just pinned him down before he even had a chance to say no?”
Rival adds this, but that’s not the issue at all! I feel as if the ground beneath my feet is crumbling away. Father… you wouldn’t actually let my rival take her virginity, would you…? What on earth is going on here!?
“Let me tell you the conclusion that Gaelion, the Spear Hero, reached today. If Naofumi is like this, then Filo must be the same. Naofumi and the others—they’re the ‘top’ even though they look like the ‘bottom’!”
My Rival is passionately explaining something to me, who just can’t accept this reality.
Chapter 934 - I had a moment of weakness [2019/05/21 10:00]
---
“If you push, he’ll run away. If you really want him, you have to pull him in firmly! Got it!?”
“Gaelion-chan, you’re kind of… unique, aren’t you…”
“Please just think of it as the confidence of a winner. There’s no doubt that Gaelion likes Naofumi, so please don’t hate him.”
“I get it. So, Gaelion-chan, you might be drunk and not remember this… but I’m counting on you.”
“Don’t worry, I remember. Now that I’ve achieved my goal, I’ll make sure to carry out this next one properly.”
“Yeah… please. For Motoyasu’s sake, too.”
With a thud, my rival pressed his fist against his chest.
“Well, it’s a good thing that Lord Dragon, the god of Shieldfreeden, and the Shield Hero, the god of Siltvelt, are getting along so well. Still, from Siltvelt’s perspective, this situation looks like it’ll cause trouble down the road… Don’t you think the Shield Hero should be mindful of other things as well?”
While my Father was having a friendly conversation with Rival right in front of me—who was in a daze—Panda offered this caution. My father glanced at the Shusaku representative standing nearby, then looked at Rival, who in turn looked at Panda.
“U-uh, yeah. The world situation has stabilized quite a bit, and we can even see the end of the Wave approaching… Um, about Lars-chan… Do you think I’m a bad choice?”
Panda sighed at Father’s words.
“Sigh… Are you really okay with me?”
“It’s the same with Elmelo and Eclair—you’re all so dependable, and I have a lot of fun being around you… um…”
“Yeah, yeah, I get it. I accepted this relationship from the start knowing all that was part of the deal. Since I got chosen as the Hammer Hero, even setting aside the ‘for the country’ part, you won’t get bored with me, and I might actually be a good match for you to settle down with.”
“I’ll go visit your room tonight,” Panda says. Even Rival is giving Father a nudge to go see Panda.
“Pandaaa! You’re late on everything! If that’s the case, you should’ve done it sooner!”
“Shut up! I really wish you’d stop calling me ‘Panda’ already!”
“Um…”
“Hmm? Elmelo, what were we talking about?”
“That topic was a bit too advanced for Kou-san.”
“Hmm… Unfortunately, due to the nature of my country, I can’t get involved…”
Hurriedly, Zou and Éclair tuned out the exchange between their fathers and sat down to eat.
“It’s a story that involves the troublesome politics of the nobility, isn’t it… Motoyasu-sama, Yuki is devoted solely to you!”
“Pfft… Sakura, I don’t really get it. Naofumi, what about Sakura?”
“Absolutely not!”
“It’s out of the question!”
Sakura-chan and my Father, you say!? I absolutely won’t let that happen!
“Pfft.”
As Sakura-chan pouted and continued eating, I screamed from the bottom of my heart.
“You idiot, Father!”
I told her she mustn’t give her purity to a Rival, but she went and did it anyway! I’m done with her now! Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
---
…And so, life in this world went on in its own way. By the way, based on my and my Rival’s advice, my Father tried to obtain something similar to the Minute Hand of the Dragon Hourglass at the ruins of Filolial-sama, but he couldn’t do it. And so, just as before, we weathered the storms, broke through the final wave… and peace gradually returned to the world… It’s still unclear exactly how much time has passed.
---
……
---
………….
---
………………
---
Send Sakura-chan to her Finacée.
Give preferential treatment to the Tiger Girl.
Selective Retrospection / Random Retrospection ←
---
First Coordinate・Hard…………Reference…………Verification…………Retrograde Start――
---
……
---
…………
---
………………
---
This sharp pain piercing right through my skull! I remember now! Wait, this is actually the second time this has happened.
With a quick spin, I realized a new loop had begun and landed gracefully with a thud.
“Where am I…”
Judging by my gut feeling, I must have been kicked by Filo-tan when I first met her. My Father, who had been grinning, seemed to click his tongue.
“Bubububu—”
The Crimson Swine is making a racket. He’s as ugly as ever. It’s a given that I’ll kill him again this time, but I’ll have to dispose of him a bit more discreetly. Ever since this new loop started, dealing with this guy has been taking up more of my time. My Father even called me out on it a couple of loops ago.
“Gau—!?”
“…Hm?”
When I looked in the direction of that unfamiliar voice… for some reason, it seems I’m in Riyute Village. That’s strange. If my memory serves me correctly, my fateful encounter with Filo-tan was supposed to have taken place on the grasslands.
“Where is this…?”
Filo-tan is here, along with my Father and Big Sister, and the people of Riyute Village are looking at me with a bit of distaste. And for some reason, Crimson Swine is here with soldiers. It’ll be tough to take him out here.
And… for some reason, a dragon seemed to be locking eyes with Filo-tan, but now it’s furrowing its brow at me. I get the vague feeling there might be a Rival lurking here. This is the first time I’ve seen a scene like this. It’s a loop I have absolutely no memory of.
“What on earth is going on here?”
“What are you talking about, you?”
I’ve got to figure out the situation here as best I can.
“T-the shock of being kicked has me all confused…”
“Bububuuu! Bubuhi bubu!”
That Crimson Swine is squealing and making a racket, but I have no idea what it means. However, if I keep calling my father “Father,” there’s a high chance he’ll get suspicious. So, I’ll just call him by his first name. On top of that, the best thing to do here is to ask him directly.
“Naofumi, tell me… what happened.”
“No way. Just go ahead and lose your memory.”
Ugh… my Father is being way too harsh on me. I suppose it’s only natural… but since there’s no helping it, I’ll ignore the Crimson Swine and ask the soldier instead.
“What’s going on here? Please tell me what happened. The impact of that kick made me lose my memory…”
The soldier looked at Crimson Swine with a puzzled expression before speaking.
“Just as the Spear Hero had received a fief from King Aultcray and was about to begin governing it alongside Lady Myne, a royal spy delivered a letter to Lady Myne. This led to a race between Filolial the Shield Hero and the dragon granted to the Spear Hero, with the village’s governance at stake, and Just as the Spear Hero approached Filolial, he was kicked.”
Hmm, hmm… I understand the situation now, but did something like that really happen? At least, there shouldn’t have been a loop like this.
But as far as I remember from the first world… ah, that Trash tried to give me a reward. At that point, I was more concerned about being scolded by Big Sister than about the territory, so I asked to buy a slave and set them free. While all that was going on, I remember the Crimson Swine talking to someone for a while, looking rather flustered. Perhaps there was a difference in the order of events or something like that?
Either way, Riyute Village should already have a ruler by now. I have no need for such a right.
But… just then, a scene from last time suddenly flashed through my mind—the one where my Father gave his virginity to a Rival, and they were getting along so well.
Right in front of me was Filo-tan. There’s no doubt that in a few days, it’ll be Filo-tan. She’s already taken on Filo-tan’s form, rather than Sakura-chan’s. In other words, all the conditions are in place.
And in my pocket… I had the full reward money.
Looking back, I suppose this is exactly the kind of moment people refer to as “the devil getting the better of me.”
“I’ve just remembered something,”
Going along with the mood of the moment, I pretended to snap out of it—but suddenly feeling motivated, I approached Father, who was riding on top of Filo-tan.
“What? Just hop on already.”
“If you think about it calmly, don’t you think there’s no need for a race like this? If you want, I’ll just let you win.”
“Oink oink oink! Oink oink!”
The Crimson Swine is making a racket! Shut up! I bet the Crimson Swine was the one who started a pointless fight with my Father and the others anyway. I can see right through that. So there’s absolutely no need for me to get involved.
“You’ve got a weird way of ending your sentences. What are you up to?”
“I’m offended you’d call it a scheme. Partly as an apology for that incident with—Raphtalia-chan the other day—I’m going to buy some Filolial from you as compensation for emotional distress.”
“We’ll see about that…”
“Gau gau gau!”
I get the feeling the dragon is making some kind of protesting noise here, but I’m ignoring it! I’ll toss all the money I have at Father.
“Who would sell to a guy like you—sold.”
My father opened the money bag I’d thrown at him… accepted it with a nod, and stepped down from Filo-tan. The “first-world” version of my father in my head says, “Well… at this point in time, it’s right on the edge of when you’d start getting attached to Filo, so if someone piled on the money, he’d probably hesitate.” The plan worked!
“Gwa!?”
“Eeeeeeeeeh!?”
Big Sister let out a cry of utter shock.
“Naofumi-sama, are you really going to sell Filo!?”
“—No, that’s not it. What are you up to!?”
My Father snaps back to his senses and furrows his brow as he grills me.
“From now on, I intend to handle this with the utmost sincerity.”
He glances at the Crimson Swine and points to the letter in his hand. It’s probably a warning from the queen or something like that.
“Given what happened the other day, I’ve been thinking this was getting a bit strange. I think we need to sort out our relationship a bit more.”
“Oink! Oink-oink-oink! Oink!”
The Crimson Swine is squealing and wailing as if to prove a point, but I couldn’t care less. I can’t even tell if it’s throwing a hysterical fit out of sheer embarrassment or just making excuses. Well, I don’t really want to know, either. Pfft! Crimson Swine, just die.
“There you go, take him to the castle.”
It seems the soldiers are following my orders and taking the squealing Crimson Swine to the castle. It’d be fine if they just shipped it straight to King Faubrey… Well, I’ll just kill it secretly later.
“……”
My Father is watching me and the Crimson Swine, looking deep in thought.
“You… really didn’t know… did you?”
“I’ve started to think something’s off, to be honest. As a token of my apology, I’d like to buy some Filolial from you. Would that be all right?”
My father fell deep into thought. After a while, he finally spoke.
“…All right then. It’s better than having you bow your head awkwardly—this way, I can spend my money with a clear conscience.”
“Gua!? Guaaaaaa!”
“Gau! Gau gau gau!”
“Ugh! Dragons are so noisy!”
I rub up against Filo-tan as much as I possibly can!
“Gwaaaaaaa!? Gwa-gwa!”
Filo-tan keeps kicking me away over and over, but that’s my reward! Thank you very much!
“The deal is done, then!”
“Yeah.”
“Eeeeeeh… Naofumi-sama, are you really going to sell him?”
“Well, yeah. It seems Motoyasu really does want to apologize. If he were just handing me money for free, I wouldn’t believe him, but this is a business deal. Plus, with this many people here, they’re buying from me while making him look like a fool. Lies won’t fly.”
“I hope so… But what about Filo?”
“When I first raised her, I knew selling her was a possibility, didn’t I? It does weigh on my conscience, but we don’t have time to waste. If there’s someone willing to pay a high price, selling her is just business.”
“Guaaaaah! Guaaaah!?”
Filo-tan is screaming her head off. It does make me feel a little guilty, but this is all Father’s fault from last time! I don’t want anything to do with a Father who gave his virginity to a Rival!
“If it bothers you that much, you can just go buy a new egg from the slave dealer later.”
“But…”
I think this kind of pragmatic attitude is very much like my Father. And so, he officially transferred Filo-tan to me. I’ve been registered as her master in Filo-tan’s monster mark.
Foooooo! I’ve finally become Filo-tan’s owner, just as I’ve always wanted! Yaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
My father turned his back on me, tilting his head at my response, and walked away, jingling his money pouch as he went. Big Sister followed him, glancing back worriedly at Filo-tan several times.
“Guaaaaaaa! Guaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Filo-tan, held tightly in my arms, kept squealing repeatedly at Father and Big Sister.
“I did it! My Father gave me Filo-tan!”
All that’s left is to secretly wipe the Crimson Swine off the face of the earth and kill Takt after making him suffer horribly! A new era of rosy days has begun! My life is looking sooo bright!
“Guaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
Filo-tan! I’ve got her, wooooohoooooo!
And so… I was feeling elated, picturing the days ahead with Filo-tan. To cut a long story short… I was greatly helped by my Father from the previous loop, and while I truly came to understand his kindness, I also ended up suffering a deep, long-lasting emotional wound in this loop.
---
……
---
………….
---
……………….
---
Selective Retrospection
Send Sakura-chan to her Finacée.
Give special treatment to the tiger girl.
Give special treatment to the tiger girl.
Give special treatment to the tiger girl.
Random Retrospection←
---
First Coordinate…………Reference…………Verification…………Retrograde Start――
---
……
---
………….
---
……………….
---
“That was something I shouldn’t have done… That was something I shouldn’t have done… That was something I shouldn’t have done…”
That was something I shouldn’t have done…
Ugh… Father! Filo-tan—Aaaaaaaaaaah! Uuuuuuuuuh……
Suddenly, I realized I’d looped again. But right now, I don’t have time to worry about that.
Ugh…… Filo-tan, you’re terrifying…… Ugh…… What am I supposed to do? The thought that Filo-tan might show up again terrifies me! Aaaaaaaah!? Uuuu…
Shaking uncontrollably, I scanned my surroundings. I just can’t calm down! Where could Filo-tan be!?
No… where am I, anyway?
At first glance, it looks like Melromarc Castle. Why am I in a place like this?
I can tell from the hourglass icon in my field of vision that a wave is coming within a few days… Seeking nature and healing… I made my way to the Filolial House in the castle.
“Oh, it’s the Spear Hero! The chick is growing well!”
As I entered the Filolial House, the soldier in charge called out to me. Chicks…? Which loop am I in, and what was I doing here?
But upon hearing “chicks,” I nodded… no, with a strange sense of certainty… and headed toward that nostalgic place in my memories.
“Piyo!”
“O… oooooooooo… oooooooohhhhhhh… uuuuuuuuuuuuuu…”
And there, before me… I couldn’t help but let out a sob and shed tears. And no wonder. Because… because!
“Fure… On…-chan”
There stood Filolial-sama, in the form of an adorable chick. Her feathers were a vivid red, like flames. And her eyes, the same color as her feathers, were as beautiful as jewels. Begging me energetically for food… my very first encounter with Filolial-sama… Before I knew it, I was hugging Fleon-chan.
---
“Piyo~~!”
Hugging Fleon-chan helped me regain my composure a little. Immediately afterward, I gasped in horror as the realization of what was about to happen drained the blood from my face.
That’s right. If Fleon-chan continues to grow like this, she’ll meet a mysterious and tragic end.
Back when I knew nothing, I was saddened by Fleon-chan’s untimely death, but I didn’t delve deeply into the cause. However, based on what my Father and Finacée told me when I brought this up, it’s clear that the Crimson Swine is the culprit.
First and foremost, I must protect Fleon-chan from Crimson Swine. To do that, I suppose I’ll have to… kill Crimson Swine. But killing Crimson Swine at the wrong moment could cause trouble.
I’ll make sure to confirm my ownership rights to Fleon-chan. Ugh… that Crimson Swine. I do, in fact, hold the ownership rights to Fleon-chan. What’s more, Fleon-chan has been marked with a High-Rank Monster Seal. It can’t be removed easily.
There’s also the commotion caused by the waves, and Crimson Swine is hard to get rid of… What should I do? From what I can vaguely recall, he’s probably resting right now in preparation for the next wave. For now, we should prioritize getting out of here. Otherwise, Fleon-chan will be killed tonight or tomorrow.
“Piyo!”
“Fleon-chan, we’re going for a walk.”
“Piyo!”
Perhaps she understood my words, because Fleon-chan is following right behind me. Heh… how heartwarming.
“I’m just going to take Fleon-chan for a walk.”
“Go ahead.”
After greeting the soldier in charge of the Filolial House, I head out into the garden.
“…Portal Spear.”
Gently, I enveloped Fleon-chan and used the portal to make an emergency escape from Melromarc. The first thing I need to do is lay the groundwork to ensure we can survive no matter what. So, even if it’s only for a short while, I’m going to thoroughly strengthen Fleon-chan.
“Let’s go, Fleon-chan! Hop up on my shoulder!”
“Piyo!”
Fleon-chan deftly fluttered up and perched on my shoulder. So, with Fleon-chan perched on my shoulder, I set off running with a dashing stride.
Fleon-chan, in this world, I’ll definitely protect you—! The Shieldfreeden arc is over. Starting next time, we’ll move on to the Legendary Filolial arc.
Chapter 935 - Termination of Contract [2019/05/28 10:00]
The goal is to take her deep into the mountains and quickly give Fleon-chan the strength she needs to survive no matter what happens. That’s right! After all, I raised Fleon-chan from the Demon Realm all the way to the level cap on maps just like that!
“Aiming Lancer X! Brionac X! Gungnir X! Liberation Firestorm X! Liberation Prominence X! Hahaha! Weak! Way too weak, you know!”
“Piyo-oooooo!”
Fleon-chan let out a very cheerful cry, chirping along with my hunting! Hahaha! I’ve raised many Filolial-sama over the years, but this one really makes my heart race! That’s probably because I was reunited with Fleon-chan—my very first Filolial-sama!
“Let’s keep goingooooo! Fleon-chaaan!”
“Piyo-oooo!”
And so, even as the sun set, we kept leveling up. It’s a full-on power-up for Fleon-chan! There’s no way she’s going to get killed by some Crimson Swine, after all! With that mindset, I kept leveling Fleon-chan up to the max and enhancing her stats. Fleon-chan started growing rapidly, and she’s getting bigger and bigger by eating the meat of the monsters we defeat.
“Gua! Gua-gua!”
It’ll still take some time for her to become a Queen, but she’s already grown enough to carry a person. Her body gets bigger every time she eats. However… I’m concerned that Fleon-chan might actually be a frail Filolial-sama, so I’m making sure to check her carefully.
…No, it’s definitely a type and scent I’ve never seen before. Judging by her skeleton, scent, and feathers, she’s undoubtedly a Filolial-sama, but it’s a breed I don’t recognize. I should be able to distinguish every existing breed of Filolial-sama… This is strange.
Just as I was thinking this… Fleon-chan began flapping her wings in that form. Even though she’s grown larger, Fleon-chan is floating by flapping her wings. Just like Filo-tan, who was modified by my Father in the first world… isn’t she flying through the sky?
“Fleon-chan, can you fly?”
“Guaa!”
As if to prove she could, Fleon-chan fluttered about, flying freely through the air in every direction. What a surprise… Fleon-chan was a Filolial-sama-like creature born with the ability to fly! That’s amazing… She’s the reincarnation of Filo-tan. As expected of Fleon-chan.
“In any case, Fleon-chan’s foundation is coming along quite nicely…”
First, I need to cast a barrier to prevent her from being killed remotely by the Crimson Swine and ensure the monster sigil’s commands don’t reach her. We don’t have much time left.
“Fleon-chan, it might be a bit cramped, but could you wait here for a little while in this remote mountain area?”
“Gua? Gua-gua!”
As if to say she understood, Fleon-chan nodded. What a good girl.
“Then, Liberation Flame Floor! Here we go!”
Although this Magic spell is meant to incinerate designated enemies, it can also be used to jam the Monster Rune’s signals by creating a magical field. So, I created a barrier of flames to protect Fleon-chan and returned to Melromarc Castle. Oh, Fleon-chan, I’m truly sorry to part ways with you.
---
When I returned to the castle, Crimson Swine spotted me in the courtyard and called out to me.
“Oink-oink! Oink!”
“I was just out for a bit…”
“Oink?”
“Ah, I’m a little tired. I’d like to rest now.”
If I talk too much, my true nature will slip out. It’s no problem to just go along with the Crimson Swine’s nonsense. After all, to him, I’m just a guy who nods along. We’ve never really had a proper conversation to begin with.
“Ah! The Spear Hero!”
A soldier in charge of Filolial’s security called out to me.
“Where’s the Filolial you went out with?”
The soldier and the Crimson Swine are looking around frantically for Fleon-chan. I’d love to tell them, “There’s no way I’d tell you lot where Fleon-chan is!” but saying that would just cause trouble.
“She suddenly went wild and ran off. I tried to do something with the Monster Mark… but it just didn’t seem to work right.”
Just as he said that, the Crimson Swine seemed to be doing something with the Monster Mark as well. Hmph… I’ve already jammed the signal, so there’s no way they’ll be able to track Fleon-chan’s location or activate the Monster Mark!
“That was a close call. I thought she’d gotten away, so I’ve been running around looking for her until this late. Taking care of monsters really is a lot of work, isn’t it?”
“I don’t think she’d run that far just because of a Monster Mark command… but maybe the dried chimera meat I gave her when the Spear Hero ordered me to feed her something good triggered some kind of reaction…”
“Oh? Did you actually give Fleon-chan something like that?”
“Yes. It was also a suggestion from Lord Malty… He judged that it was rich in Magical Power and suitable as food, so he told me to give her the samples we’d been keeping for research…”
This is… the Crimson Swine! He was planning to feed Fleon-chan something strange and kill her, wasn’t he? But as far as I recall, Filolial-sama wouldn’t die even if she ate chimera meat. I glared silently at the Crimson Swine.
“Bububu, bububu-hibubu”
It sounds as if the Crimson Swine is making some sort of excuse. I’m sure he was planning to play dumb if she died from this.
“Either way, it looks like we’d better organize a search party. Please tell me where she escaped from.”
“Understood.”
I told the soldier and the Crimson Swine a location completely different from where I’d let Fleon-chan escape. Go ahead and search your hearts out! Ha ha ha! The Wave… is tomorrow. The key is whether Fleon-chan will truly become the Queen.
“Fleon-chan… I hope they find her soon.”
So, I pretended to be downcast over Fleon-chan’s escape.
“Bubub…”
The Crimson Swine placed a hand on my shoulder to comfort me, just as he had done when I was grieving over Fleon-chan’s death in the first world. But when I watched him discreetly, I could tell he was smiling faintly. This guy is definitely evil. I won’t be able to rest until I kill him. But… before that, I’ll have to strip Fleon-chan of her rights to the Monster Mark.
“I’d appreciate it if you’d leave me alone for a bit.”
Pretending to be downcast, I shooed the Crimson Swine out of the room. As time passed and night deepened, I secretly began to move.
First up is Crimson Swine’s room. Stealthily and in concealment mode, I used the Soul Eater Spear to pass through the wall and slip into Crimson Swine’s room, where he lay asleep…
“Follow-up Sleep Lance X! And now, Paralyze Lance X!”
"Free Fleon-chan, I say!" It brings back memories of when I foolishly said the exact same thing to my Father. I was truly foolish back then. But this time, I can say with absolute confidence that I’m not wrong.
"B… Buuuuu… Poo… Buhi—hi"
I’ll quickly stab the Crimson Swine to send it into a deep sleep. Then, once it’s paralyzed… I’ll slide the tip of my spear into the Crimson Swine’s hand to draw blood. After collecting enough blood from the Crimson Swine, I cast Magic to make sure it didn’t look suspicious, erasing all traces of the wound.
Well then… with this, the rest will be easy. I tucked the vial of Crimson Swine’s blood into my pocket and slipped away from the scene.
Next, I’ll throw on my robe, retrieve Fleon-chan, and visit the Monster Merchant’s tent with her before the Crimson Swine wakes up.
“Welcome. What brings you to our tent today? Yes?”
“I’d like to have one owner removed from the registry for Filolial-sama. Here is that owner’s blood.”
“Um… we don’t handle the deregistration of stolen goods here…”
I quickly poked my head out from under my robe and made my request.
“Money is no object. Or perhaps you could tell me where I can get this done?”
“Um… Spear Hero, what circumstances have led you to wish to deregister the ownership of a monster that appears to be stolen goods?”
The Monster Merchant replied, looking perplexed.
“It’s not stolen goods. This is my Filolial-sama, Fleon-chan.”
“Hmm… I’m not sure if the owner of this blood has given their consent… but since it’s a request from the Spear Hero, I can’t just turn you away. Here you go.”
Despite looking troubled, the monster merchant used the Crimson Swine’s blood to remove the ownership registration placed on Fleon-chan. I’m sure he did it because he was banking on the “Spear Hero” brand. According to my Father from the world where I started this new loop, the merchants you have to watch out for are the ones who buy into your future potential. In other words, he’s betting that having a connection with me—the Spear Hero—will pay off down the road.
In any case, the Crimson Swine is now no longer registered to me! That completely puts my mind at ease.
“However… you’ve grown quite impressively, haven’t you?”
“Gua-gua?”
Freon-chan is growing steadily, after all.
“This is my pride and joy, Filolial-sama.”
I’m guessing that by the time tomorrow’s wave is over, Freon-chan will have taken on the form of a Queen. In fact, the wonderful sound of her growth is already reaching my ears.
“She must be a Filolial of fine lineage. It’s been a pleasure to see such a fine specimen. “Yes. She bears a strong resemblance to the Shield Hero’s Filolial-sama.”
“Indeed. Well then, I’ll be taking my leave.”
“Please feel free to visit our tent anytime. Yes.”
With that, although I was tempted to acquire a new Filolial-sama, this time I prioritized Fleon-chan and left the Monster Merchant’s tent. With that, at least my immediate worries are off my mind.
For now… if Fleon-chan continues to grow at this rate… by tomorrow afternoon or evening, she’ll have grown enough to take on the form of an angel.
…There’s no other way to confirm whether the Crimson Swine’s testimony is true than to find out right here. I’ll keep watch over her all night to see if Fleon-chan really can’t withstand the transformation. Of course, I’ll concoct a potion using the supplies I’ve gathered so I can act immediately if the worst happens… that’s the plan!
And so, I spent the entire night by Fleon-chan’s side, watching over her.
---
“Kue-kue”
In the morning sun, after growing one size larger, Fleon-chan transformed into the form of a Filolial Queen, just like Filo-tan and the countless other Filolial-samas. Just as I suspected.
Crimson Swine! So you really did kill Fleon-chan, didn’t youuuuuu!
Fleon-chan is fluttering happily through the sky. The way she flies is reminiscent of Filo-tan from the first world. Since I’ve never seen any other Filolial-samas fly besides Filo-tan, there’s no mistake about it. Well then… a trivial conversation with the Crimson Swine… no, perhaps it would be best to go kill them right now.
“Fleon-chan. I’d like you to wait here for a bit.”
“Kue!”
After asking Fleon-chan to mind the place, I returned to Melromarc Castle via the portal.
I’ve arrived at Melromarc Castle. Shall I slaughter the Crimson Swine before high tide? I’m thinking about how to deal with them so there are no loose ends.
It’s a dangerous time—if I make a wrong move, my Father might end up taking the fall for a crime he didn’t commit… I don’t really care about Ren or Itsuki, but as for my Father… ugh, I’d really like to lend a hand to Filo-tan and Big Sister. It’s a huge hassle, you see. If only I knew where the Queen was right now, this would be a piece of cake, but all I can tell is that she’s probably somewhere in the southwest. With these thoughts in mind, I spent about an hour strolling through the castle and its gardens.
“So… I’m telling you to give it back!”
“Shut up! Don’t you get it yet?! If you keep making up excuses and defying me, I’ll have you executed on the spot!”
“But! That’s a Filolial egg—I cherish it more than my own life! Without that child, I…”
Hm? A Filolial egg, you say? I can hear some kind of argument with a guard near the castle gate.
“What’s going on?”
I rush over to where they’re talking and ask what’s going on. The guard salutes me. After all, since I’m a favorite of Crimson Swine and Trash, my standing is pretty high at this stage.
“Ha! This old man is protesting, demanding the return of the Filolial egg that was confiscated!”
“What…? Are you really doing something so terrible? Return it immediately!”
Confiscating a Filolial-sama’s egg… and if you forcibly took it from the owner herself, that’s an unforgivable act of barbarism! A scoundrel like Takt deserves to be made an example of!
“Um… regarding that matter…”
The guard whispers to me, as if trying to avoid the issue.
“I believe the Filolial presented to the Spear Hero on Malty’s orders is the very egg this old man is testifying about.”
“What?!”
Is it because I wanted it?! Ugh… How should I get out of this one? No, there’s no doubt this old man knows a great deal about Fleon-chan. I absolutely must talk to him!
“I understand. Old man, come talk to me for a moment about the Filolial.”
I give the guard a sidelong glance and a signal, as if to say I’ll handle the persuasion, then push the old man’s back and lead him straight out through the castle gate toward the town below.
“Where do you think you’re taking me?! Hurry! Hurry up and give that child back to me…”
Ah, it’s true that I’ll have to explain the situation. I whisper to the old man.
“That egg has already hatched, and I’m currently in possession of it. I’d like you to come with me so I can show you the way. However… we’ll have to travel a bit, but it’s dangerous if we don’t keep this a secret.”
“You say that…”
“It’s flying… Filolial-sama.”
At my words, the old man fell silent. He must have realized I wasn’t lying.
